---
path: "/post-71015/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["teaching","dev","java"]
title: "Java Development Instructor Code Instructor"
date: "2019-02-06T08:34:12-08:00"
summary: "OpenClassrooms"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Java Development Instructor / Code Instructor<br><br>Job description</strong><br>Are you a committed developer who loves sharing your knowledge and building confidence in others? Do you want to make code accessible to the world and become a role model for new professionals?<br><br>We&rsquo;re looking for developers like you to&nbsp;craft quality online courses for Java&nbsp;on OpenClassrooms, Europe&rsquo;s leading online learning platform (over 3 million monthly users). OpenClassrooms&rsquo; mission is to&nbsp;make learning accessible. This means showing a wide variety of people that they can code if they have the drive to learn and the quality support they need.<br><br>This is where you come in! With the help of our education team, OpenClassrooms teachers:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>write course text,</li><br /><li>create learning exercises,</li><br /><li>record demo screencasts,</li><br /><li>and work with our video team in Paris to shoot face-cam videos.</li><br /></ul><br /><p>The courses we plan on creating in collaboration with experts like you include:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Implement a SOLID [Java] Object-Oriented MVC pattern,</li><br /><li>Manage and deploy your project with Git,</li><br /><li>Manage a relational Database with Spring JDBC,</li><br /><li>Secure your web application with Spring Security,</li><br /><li>Manage the persistence of your application with Spring Data,</li><br /><li>Decoupled web architecture,</li><br /><li>Scale up your code with Java concurrency,</li><br /><li>Advanced Java Debugging.</li><br /></ul><br /><p>You would be the expert behind the creation of one or more of these courses.<br><br>Work is flexible and can be done on a freelance basis from anywhere. Above all, it&rsquo;s rewarding; you&rsquo;ll continue making a difference in your field and support the developers of tomorrow.<br><br>To get an idea of what we can do together, check out these courses on <strong><a href="https://openclassrooms.com/fr/courses/5265446-build-your-first-web-pages-with-html-and-css" rel="nofollow">HTML/CSS</a></strong>, <strong><a href="https://openclassrooms.com/en/courses/5684376-set-up-your-java-development-environment" rel="nofollow">Java</a></strong>, and <strong><a href="https://openclassrooms.com/en/courses/5281811-learn-how-to-learn" rel="nofollow">Developing a learning strategy</a></strong>.<br><br>If inspiring future developers matters to you and you&rsquo;re passionate about sharing your experiences, then apply now to make an impact.<br><br><strong>Who are you?</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>You are a Java EE developer.</li><br /><li>You have the skills for writing clear concepts in English and presenting clear concepts to a camera.</li><br /><li>You are looking to take your skills to the next level by building engaging learning experiences for future developers.</li><br /><li>You love the idea of sharing the tips and tricks you&rsquo;ve acquired and influencing a wide population of learners.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><br><strong>What do we offer?</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>We offer a freelance contract for one or more courses.</li><br /><li>We provide constructive feedback from dedicated instructional designers.</li><br /><li>We are happy to collaborate while you work from any location for much of the creation process.</li><br /><li>We extend a warm welcome to our Paris office and studio for a media training and your video shoot.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><br><strong>Do other opportunities at OpenClassrooms fit your profile?</strong><br>Consider becoming an OpenClassrooms mentor! Both our instructors and our mentors are experts in their field and passionate about education, so don't hesitate to apply as both!&nbsp;While our instructors are involved in content creation, it's our mentors who work with students directly. Follow <strong><a href="https://mentor-en.jobs.openclassrooms.com/" rel="nofollow">this link</a></strong>&nbsp;to learn more about mentorship and apply for that role. We also have <strong><a href="https://openclassrooms.com/en/courses/4103096-become-a-mentor-on-openclassrooms" rel="nofollow">a small course about becoming an OpenClassrooms mentor</a></strong>.<br><br>OpenClassrooms values diversity and is an equal opportunity employer.<br><br><strong>Requirements</strong><br>You must be an&nbsp;expert&nbsp;in one or more of the&nbsp;Java&nbsp;subjects&nbsp;scheduled for the courses we would like to create (see the list above).<br><br>Please include a&nbsp;cover letter, as well as an additional&nbsp;writing sample&nbsp;(if you have an article, essay, or link to a blog post that you can share, that's perfect; otherwise please include a paragraph explaining a complex concept).<br><br><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong><br>Apply now via the <strong><a href="https://ltpx.nl/jHxMqQq" rel="nofollow">application form</a></strong>.<br><br><em>Agency calls are not appreciated.</em></p>
