---
path: "/post-71292/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["javascript","node js","sys admin"]
title: "Principal Node.js Engineer Site Reliability"
date: "2019-02-20T16:33:11-08:00"
summary: "Auth0"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

Auth0, a global leader in Identity-as-a-Service (IDaaS), provides thousands of enterprise customers with a Universal Identity Platform for their web, mobile, IoT, and internal applications. Its extensible platform seamlessly authenticates and secures more than 1.5B logins per month, making it loved by developers and trusted by global enterprises. Auth0 has raised more than $110 million to date and continues its global growth at a rapid pace. We are consistently recognized as a great place to work based our outstanding leadership and dedication to company culture, and are looking for the best people to join our incredible team spread across more than 35 countries!<br /><br />Auth0 gives companies simple, powerful and developer friendly building blocks so they can free up resources to focus on innovation. We strive to be the identity platform of choice for developers and Enterprises. We take our&nbsp;<a href="https://auth0.com/blog/our-culture-and-values-at-auth0/" rel="nofollow">culture</a>&nbsp;very seriously and are looking for people who are drawn to both our mission&nbsp;<strong>and</strong>&nbsp;our culture.<br /><br />Our platform is mainly composed of&nbsp;<strong>Node.js</strong>&nbsp;services that processes thousands of requests per second for customers all around the world. Scaling and improving our platform is crucial for us. The&nbsp;<strong>Site Reliability Team</strong>is looking for Software Engineers that are experts on Node.js internals and building services with Node.js.<br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>You are a good fit if you...</strong></p><br /><ul><ul><li>Have initiative and can "unblock" yourself to get things done.</li><li>Tend to deliver work incrementally to get feedback and iterate over solutions.</li><li>Can mentor junior people and pair with other teams: education is a very important part of this role.</li><li>Like to get your hands dirty by debugging and fixing issues in production.</li><li>Understand the real problems by reading between the lines and asking good questions.</li><li>Communicate well, take feedback in a positive way and are OK not always doing the most glamorous tasks.</li></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>Responsbilities</strong></p><br /><ul><ul><li>Collaborate in designing and developing scalable, reliable Node.js services.</li><li>Determine and implement best practices for writing observable Node.js services:measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health.</li><li>Debug, troubleshoot and fix Node.js issues in production services such as: memory leaks and event loop being blocked for long periods of time.</li><li>Collaborate with engineering teams to optimize services and implement reliability best practices.</li><li>Improve developer productivity by providing better debugging and performance tools.</li></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><br /><ul><ul><li>Experience in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale Node.js distributed systems.</li><li>You have a systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.</li><li>You have a great ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine tasks.</li><li>You have designed applications and systems that scale, are resilient to failure, and are observable.</li><li>Timezone: we are giving preference to candidates located in GMT-8 to GMT+2.</li></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>Extra Points</strong></p><br /><ul><ul><ul><li>Experience with Amazon Web Services.</li><li>Experience with Linux.</li><li>Experience with MongoDB.</li><li>Experience working in a remote friendly, async environment.</li></ul><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Auth0 is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Auth0 conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era special disabled and other covered veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Auth0 participates in E-Verify and will confirm work authorization for candidates residing in the United States.

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71292">https://remoteok.io/l/71292</A>
