---
path: "/post-71055/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","digital nomad"]
title: "Developer"
date: "2019-02-07T22:26:17-08:00"
summary: "PriceSpider"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>PriceSpider is a retail technology company filled with talented people relentlessly driven to revolutionize the online shopping experience. We are the fastest growing Brand Integrity, Where-to-Buy and data services innovator, providing unmatched insights into online consumer purchasing behaviors around the globe. Our technology helps manufacturers, marketers, and retailers radically improve their marketing impact, retail sales, and revenues. Our clients use PriceSpider&rsquo;s proprietary technology to crawl the web and power their tools to reveal the secrets of exactly what people buy&mdash;as well as where, when, and how. We continue to push the boundaries of our technology to create amazing user experiences for both our clients and their consumers. Today PriceSpider is helping nearly 500 brands around the globe.</p><br /><p>PriceSpider HQ is right across from the Irvine Spectrum with sweeping 10th floor views to inspire creativity. We promote a high-energy, collaborative work environment with open doors, a game room and free meals and snacks. We offer a competitive compensation package and stellar benefits. Our company growth has created a promising environment for career advancement and rewarding challenges. It is the ideal time to join the PriceSpider team due to our strong established product line and emerging new innovations perfectly positioned with the digital awakening of the broader online market.</p><br /><p>At PriceSpider we are looking for an enthusiastic and passionate&nbsp;<strong>Jr.&nbsp;</strong><strong>Web Developer&nbsp;</strong>to join our team. If you love working to bring real world value to many of the world&rsquo;s largest brands, we would love to hear from you.</p><br /><br /><p>&nbsp;<strong>Job Expectations:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Develop, deploy and maintain web based applications</li><br /><li>Effectively troubleshoot systems built with a variety of front end and back end technologies</li><br /><li>Integration of 3rd party APIs and web services, as well as development of internal APIs and web services</li><br /><li>Add features to and support existing internal and external web based products</li><br /><li>Provide effort estimates during scoping phase of project planning</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p>&nbsp;<strong>Requirements:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>This role requires that the developer performs the work in the office during normal business hours.After hours work may be done at home via VPN</li><br /><li>1 &ndash; 3 years prior experience required for this position</li><br /><li>Experience with various server-side and client-side web technologies a must</li><br /><li>Experience with variety of data stores such as MS SQL / Postgres / MongoDB required</li><br /><li>Use of frameworks/libraries such as jQuery, React</li><br /><li>Experience with code repositories, such as GIT</li><br /><li>Understanding of HTML / CSS</li><br /><li>Experience with NodeJS, Go, C# preferred</li><br /><li>Degree in computer science preferred but not required</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>About PriceSpider:</strong></p><br /><p>We promote a high-energy, collaborative work environment with open doors, a game room and free meals and snacks. We offer competitive compensation and stellar benefits including health, dental and vision insurance, 401K, life insurance, paid holidays, fitness center membership, flexible paid time-off and relaxed dress code! Our company growth has created a promising environment for career advancement and rewarding challenges. It is the ideal time to join the PriceSpider team due to our strong established product line and emerging new innovations perfectly positioned with the digital awakening of the broader online market.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>Location</strong></p><br /><p>This position is based in Las Vegas and we are looking for local candidates who are comfortable working remotely with occasional travel to HQ.</p><br /><p><em>PriceSpider is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity.</em></p>
