---
path: "/post-71170/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["ios","design","digital nomad"]
title: "Jr IOS UI UX Designer"
date: "2019-02-14T02:36:55-08:00"
summary: "MartianCraft"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>Are you able to take high level design and apply it to real world applications that will impact people&rsquo;s daily work life? MartianCraft designs apps that people work with every day to accomplish a variety of tasks. We believe that our team members should be inventive, adaptable, and results oriented.</p><br /><p><strong>Summary</strong></p><br /><p>This project involves a large suite of applications that each have very detailed, individual features, as well as common features throughout. This is an opportunity to build and implement a consistent design structure while also addressing specic user needs.</p><br /><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Collaborate with Senior Designers, and provide support for new and existing projects. Work with internal project teams to dene, prioritize, and execute new features for enterprise iOS applications.</li><br /><li>Translate concepts into user ows, wireframes, mockups and prototypes that lead to intuitive user experiences.</li><br /><li>Clearly communicate designs to client and development team.</li><br /><li>Work closely with developers to ensure ideas can be made real and facilitate smooth hando.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>More than 3 years experience working in user interface design.</li><br /><li>Thorough knowledge of UI/UX design, working with design patterns, and agile methodologies.</li><br /><li>Portfolio must demonstrate experience working on native mobile applications.</li><br /><li>Demonstrate prociency and understanding of industry standard design processes, methods, and tools.</li><br /><li>Fluency with iOS Human Interface Guidelines.</li><br /><li>Fluency in Sketch (app) and InVision.</li><br /><li>Strong typographic and data visualization skills.</li><br /><li>Experience working with data heavy applications.</li><br /><li>Experience working with Style Guides, Pattern Libraries, and Design Systems.</li><br /><li>Self-starter with an ability to work independently and in a team environment.</li><br /><li>Comfortable working remotely and able to travel onsite to client offices&nbsp;2-4 times a year.</li><br /><li>Passionate about quality but also pragmatic in scope.</li><br /><li>Ability to work on several projects, with different&nbsp;teams at the same time.</li><br /><li>USA Based.</li><br /><li>BFA in Design or a related eld preferred.</li><br /></ul>
