---
path: "/post-71185/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["javascript","node js","senior"]
title: "Senior NodeJS Engineer"
date: "2019-02-14T14:08:31-08:00"
summary: "Jack Henry & Associates .Â"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>The Banno team at Jack Henry is redefining the relationship between forward-thinking financial institutions and their customers. Banno leverages bleeding edge technology and an industry leading product vision to make user-friendly mobile and web apps. We have a first-class API; the same API our web and mobile apps use is the same API that is open to the community to build on top of and extend.</p><br /><p>Banno is redefining the relationship between forward-thinking financial institutions and their customers. Banno leverages bleeding edge technology and an industry leading product vision to make user-friendly mobile and web apps. We have a first-class API; the same API our web and mobile apps use is the same API that is open to the community to build on top of and extend.</p><br /><p><strong>About You</strong></p><br /><p>You are infinitely curious and thrive in an environment where you are constantly learning and growing. You want to be somewhere that you are trusted and set up for success every day. You want to be somewhere that surrounds you with other great engineers that drive you to be better everyday.</p><br /><p>Although you work in a team you are self motivated and able to work with independence. You want to own the deliverable from working with the product manager to define the scope all the way through supporting your work in production. You care deeply about your work, your team, and the end user.</p><br /><p>Banno values trust and those with a bias towards action. We have a remote-first culture that challenges you each day and supports your growth. We are confident you will love it here.</p><br /><p><strong>What you and your team are working on</strong></p><br /><p>The JavaScript Backend Engineer participates and works with our team to provide APIs and web servers for a suite of single page applications as well as our online banking product. Our APIs are first-class in nature and are consumed by both our internal teams as well as teams outside of Banno.</p><br /><p>JavaScript Backend Engineers are constantly keeping our app up-to-date with the newest development and deployment practices to offer exciting user experiences for highly secured data. The Javascript Backend team also works to enable other teams at Banno by building tools and processes that help them do their work faster and deliver for consistently.</p><br /><p><strong>Skills and Requirements</strong></p><br /><ul><li>A&nbsp;passion for JavaScript first - a true love of the language. Minimum of six years of programming experience with Javascript.</li><li>Two years of programming experience with a NodeJS backend server using frameworks such as Express, KOA, GraphQL or similar</li><li>Experience deploying NodeJS services in production</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p><br /><ul><li>A bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field</li><li>Experience with continuous integration systems</li><li>Experience with Docker</li><li>Experience with Typescript</li><li>Experience tracing a request through the network stack.</li><li>Implemented OAuth2/OpenID Connect</li></ul>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71185">https://remoteok.io/l/71185</A>
