---
path: "/post-71298/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["react","front end","dev"]
title: "JavaScript React Front End Developer"
date: "2019-02-20T18:12:51-08:00"
summary: "Twenty Over Ten"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>We are seeking an experienced JavaScript/React Front-End Developer to&nbsp;join our team&nbsp;in building out our SaaS product line. &nbsp;&nbsp;We are looking for a talented&nbsp;individual with a strong JavaScript background and a minimum of 2 years experience with React projects. &nbsp;The ideal candidate will be comfortable with React, Redux, Webpack and have a strong sense of UI/UX and what "looks great".</p><br /><p><strong>Skills &amp; Qualifications:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>5 years of JavaScript experience and up to date on ES6.</li><br /><li>At least 2 years of React experience with Redux.</li><br /><li>Strong knowledge on fundamentals like HTML5 and CSS3.</li><br /><li>Strong sense of user experience and user interface design.</li><br /><li>Understanding of design patterns in JavaScript/React</li><br /><li>Ability to create pixel-perfect, valid HTML and CSS from working design</li><br /><li>Self-motivated, proactive and take ownership of issues with high attention to detail.</li><br /><li>Strong communicator and fluent in English with excellent written and verbal communication skills.</li><br /><li>Availability for at least 6 hours of overlap with EST time zone</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Work in a dynamic team and implement React functionality with ability to make &ldquo;best practice&rdquo; decisions on the fly.</li><br /><li>Work with design as needed to implement functional UI components that reflect design decisions</li><br /><li>Maintain a strong attention to detail to UX/UI while implementing functionality and design.</li><br /><li>Clearly communicate any bottlenecks, suggestions, improvements, ideas.</li><br /><li>Manage your own workflow to meet the deadlines set&nbsp;within your team to ensure success</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>What We Offer:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Competitive&nbsp;salary&nbsp;</li><br /><li>Totally remote work environment, setup shop at your local coffee shop or stay cozy in your own bed</li><br /><li>Ability to work autonomously, no lengthy meetings, sprints, or extraneous processes</li><br /><li>Flexible Schedule, no messy time-tracking or micromanaging</li><br /></ul>
