---
path: "/post-71242/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["architecture"]
title: "Hands On Solution Architect"
date: "2019-02-18T12:19:01-08:00"
summary: "Clevertech"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>What you&rsquo;ll do:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Provide <strong>architectural direction</strong> on large-scale enterprise project implementations</li><br /><li>Responsible for <strong>implementation</strong> of that architecture by leading an <strong>experienced</strong> team of developers, designers with support from devops and customer success managers</li><br /><li>Afraid sales sold scope and now you have to deliver the impossible? Not here. We don&rsquo;t sell scope. We have our own version of safe agile - You listen, partner and innovate <strong>together with our clients</strong>.</li><br /><li>Ensure the vision is executed with code reviews, client demos, requirement refinement, and backlog grooming to yield <strong>client satisfaction</strong></li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Cloud architect at enterprise scale that enjoys using the <strong>right patterns for the project</strong> - for example, domain driven design and event driven architecture where appropriate</li><br /><li>You know what it feels like to <strong>shoulder responsibility</strong> for million dollar &nbsp;projects</li><br /><li>You are an <strong>exceptional communicator</strong> in difficult conversations</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>&nbsp;Characteristics of a Clevertech Leader, straight from one of our very own</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Tact - being able to speak respectfully to everyone at every level, regardless of competence, seniority or accomplishment.&nbsp; There is also a sense of what is appropriate to say or do at a given time.&nbsp; This will build trust with clients and peers.</li><br /><li>Being able to abstract.&nbsp; If you have an abstract understanding of something, you can explain it at all levels and in different contexts, using the experience or role of the audience to inform what metaphors might be used or if they are even necessary.</li><br /><li>Humility - this enables you to take responsibility and set your ego on the shelf when working with other bright people.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Who We Are</strong></p><br /><p>Clevertech is a leading consultancy that is on a mission to build transformational digital solutions for the world&rsquo;s most innovative organizations. Enterprise companies turn to Clevertech to help them launch innovative digital products that interact with hundreds of millions of customers, transactions and data points. By partnering with Clevertech these companies are propelling forward and changing their industries, business models and more.</p><br /><p>Based in New York City with fully remote development teams, Clevertech has built core product offerings for clients whose value was revealed in transactions valued in excess of $100 million. &nbsp;</p><br /><p>The problems we solve everyday are real and require creativity, grit and determination. We are building a culture that challenges norms while fostering experimentation and personal growth. We are hiring team members who are passionate and energized by the vision of empowering our customers in a complex industry through technology, data and a deep understanding of client concerns. In order to grasp the scale of problems we face, ideally you have some exposure to Logistics, FinTech, Transportation, Insurance, Media or other complex multifactor industries.</p><br /><p><strong>Our Benefits</strong><br>We know that people do their best work when they&rsquo;re taken care of. So we make sure to offer great benefits that promote personal and professional growth!<br><br></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Competitive Vacation Package</li><br /><li>Annual Financial Allowance for YOUR development</li><br /><li>Flexible Family Leave</li><br /><li>Clevertech Gives Back Program</li><br /><li>Clevertech U (Leadership Program, Habit Building, New Skills Training)</li><br /><li>Clevertech Swag</li><br /><li>Strong Clevertech Community</li><br /></ul><br /><p><br><br></p><br /><p><strong>How We Work</strong><br>Why do people join Clevertech? To make an impact. To grow themselves. To be surrounded by developers who they can learn from. We are truly excited to be creating waves in an industry under transformation.<br><br>True innovation comes from an exchange of knowledge across all of our teams. To put people on the path for success, we nurture a culture built on trust, collaboration, and personal growth. You will work in small feature-based cross-functional teams and be empowered to take ownership.<br><br>We make a point of constantly evolving our experience and skills. We value diverse perspectives and fostering personal growth by challenging everyone to push beyond our comfort level and try something new.<br><br>The result? We produce meaningful work</p><br /><p><br><strong>Getting Hired</strong><br>We hire people from a variety of backgrounds who are respectful, collaborative, and introspective. Members of the tech team, for example, come from diverse backgrounds having worked as copy editors, graphic designers, and photographers prior to joining Clevertech.<br><br>Our hiring process focuses not only on your skills but also on your professional and personal ambitions. We want to get to know you. We put a lot of thought into the interview process in order to get a holistic understanding of you while being mindful of your time. You will solve problems derived from the work we do on a daily basis followed by thoughtful discussions around potential fit. Whatever the outcome, we want you to have a great candidate experience.</p><br /><p>Want to learn more about Clevertech and the team? Check out<a href="http://clevertech.careers/" rel="nofollow"> clevertech.careers</a>.</p><br /><p><a href="https://youtu.be/z5daft3oGjM" rel="nofollow">Clevertech Culture Video</a></p>
