---
path: "/post-71513/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["quality assurance","engineer"]
title: "QA Engineer"
date: "2019-03-04T21:43:11-08:00"
summary: "Wikimedia Foundation"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Location:&nbsp;</strong>Remote</p><br /><p><strong>Summary</strong></p><br /><p>Wikimedia projects are built to be collaborative, multilingual and usable by people from around the world. The Language team works on projects that enable users to work together, to advance readership and contribution of valuable content in more than 300 languages.</p><br /><p>The Language team is currently working on several projects that are being gradually rolled out for users. As a QA Engineer on the team you will be working with QA and Software Engineers, Product Managers and Designers to create tools which are used to create and share knowledge in hundreds of languages.</p><br /><p>Our team is fully remote and team members work from various places around the world.</p><br /><p><strong>As a QA Engineer, we would like you to do:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Design and implement QA processes for multilingual projects with coverage for nearly 300 languages</li><li>Test new features and improvements to verify that the software we create is reliable, usable and works as intended</li><li>Perform end-to-end system integration and regression testing</li><li>Use a combination of exploratory and regression tests for post-deployment smoke testing</li><li>Execute QA plans and tests in consultation with the development team, and when needed with user and community members</li><li>Develop and maintain test automation frameworks with the project development team, to maintain a reliable and integrated QA workflow</li></ul><br /><p><strong>We value</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Clearly and concisely communicating complex ideas about software and software development</li><li>A desire to create features for everyone, everywhere and to optimize at the intersection of performance and user perception</li><li>Comfortable working in a multicultural, remote, distributed team across various time zones</li><li>A desire to learn and stay updated with latest industry practices and introduce them appropriately within our QA processes</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Bachelor's degree in computer science, linguistics or STEM field; or 5 years of equivalent experience</li><li>Demonstrated ability to provide QA support on complex projects from design through production deployment</li><li>Knowledge of web development and LAMP environments</li><li>Knowledge about internationalization</li><li>Passionate about free knowledge and open source</li><li>Willing to travel occasionally - sometimes internationally - for team and organizational meetings</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Pluses</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Familiarity with open source software development processes</li><li>Experience working remotely with a team distributed across many time zones</li><li>Experience contributing to Wikimedia projects</li><li>Good presentation skills</li><li>Working knowledge of a language other than English</li></ul><br /><p><strong> The Wikimedia Foundation is...&nbsp;</strong></p><br /><br /><p>...the nonprofit organization that hosts and operates Wikipedia and the other Wikimedia free knowledge projects. Our vision is a world in which every single human can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. We believe that everyone has the potential to contribute something to our shared knowledge, and that everyone should be able to access that knowledge, free of interference. We host the Wikimedia projects, build software experiences for reading, contributing, and sharing Wikimedia content, support the volunteer communities and partners who make Wikimedia possible, and advocate for policies that enable Wikimedia and free knowledge to thrive. The Wikimedia Foundation is a charitable, not-for-profit organization that relies on donations. We receive financial support from millions of individuals around the world, with an average donation of about $15. We also receive donations through institutional grants and gifts. The Wikimedia Foundation is a United States 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization with offices in San Francisco, California, USA.</p><br /><p><em>The Wikimedia Foundation is an equal opportunity employer, and we encourage people with a diverse range of backgrounds to apply</em></p><br /><br /><p><strong>More information</strong></p><br /><p><a href="https://wikimediafoundation.org/" rel="nofollow">Wikimedia Foundation website</a></p><br /><p><a href="https://wikimediafoundation.org/news/" rel="nofollow">Wikimedia Foundation blog</a></p><br /><p><a href="https://annual.wikimedia.org/2017/" rel="nofollow">Annual Report - 2017</a></p><br /><p><a href="https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Strategy/Wikimedia_movement/2017" rel="nofollow">Wikimedia 2030</a></p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71513">https://remoteok.io/l/71513</A>
