---
path: "/post-71413/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["react","javascript","ruby"]
title: "React Ruby On Rails Engineer"
date: "2019-02-27T20:20:15-08:00"
summary: "Hubstaff"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><span><strong>Hubstaff is a fast-growing startup in the time tracking and project management space that fully embraces remote work.</strong> You work when and where you want. We care a lot about our culture, having fun while working hard, and our annual retreats.</span></p><br /><p><span>We are looking for a talented server engineer who has several years of experience in both React and Ruby on Rails to join our passionate development team and work on our up and coming task management product.</span></p><br /><p><span>The correct person will take pride in their work, have extreme attention to detail, and be able to get their hands dirty implementing Rails controllers, React components, and doing HTML &amp; CSS front-end work.</span></p><br /><p><span>We are looking for a well-rounded React developer who has the backend chops to implement the server-side aspects of their projects using Ruby on Rails.</span></p><br /><p><span>This position will report to our head of development for Hubstaff Tasks and work closely with our other engineers. You&rsquo;ll be able to work 100% remotely, and we are looking for someone that can grow with our products for years to come.</span></p><br /><p><span>You&rsquo;ll be a good fit if you:</span></p><br /><ul><br /><li><span>Are self-disciplined and have a great work ethic</span></li><br /><li><span>Have good time management skills</span></li><br /><li><span>Communicate well</span></li><br /><li><span>Can work until at least 1pm EST M - F</span></li><br /><li><span>Like having a consistent daily work schedule</span></li><br /><li><span>Have at least three years of React and five years of Ruby on Rails experience</span></li><br /></ul><br /><p><span>Front-end Development Requirements:</span></p><br /><ul><br /><li><span>React &amp; Redux</span></li><br /><li><span>Highly skilled with HTML &amp; CSS</span></li><br /><li><span>Bootstrap</span></li><br /><li><span>Javascript &amp; jQuery</span></li><br /><li><span>Git</span></li><br /></ul><br /><p><span>Backend Development Requirements:</span></p><br /><ul><br /><li><span>Ruby on Rails</span></li><br /><li><span>Postgres or MySQL</span></li><br /><li><span>Unit tests (rspec, Jest, etc.)</span></li><br /><li><span>Background workers (Sidekiq)</span></li><br /><li><span>Working from design docs/specifications &amp; wireframes</span></li><br /></ul><br /><p><span>Bonus:</span></p><br /><ul><br /><li><span>Solr</span></li><br /><li><span>Redis</span></li><br /><li><span>Vue.js</span></li><br /><li><span>Service workers architecture</span></li><br /></ul>
