---
path: "/post-71166/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","senior","engineer"]
title: "Senior Software Engineer"
date: "2019-02-13T19:16:36-08:00"
summary: "Pear Deck"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>Pear Deck is founded by teachers on a mission to help educators engage their students. We create active learning solutions that leverage student devices to support formative assessment, meaningful engagement, and improved classroom equity.</p><br /><p>We&rsquo;re looking for the right person to be responsible for code quality and consistency on various product team projects. You will be the person the team looks to for guidance on questions of infrastructure. &nbsp;While not necessarily responsible for management, you will have an eye out for the professional growth of less experienced team members and understand you are a leader simply by nature of being experienced.</p><br /><p>Things you may do on a given day:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Check-in on the current project and agree to top priorities for the day</li><br /><li>Help the project manager understand technical constraints and how they impact the project timeline</li><br /><li>Coordinate with the Director of Engineering on major tech decisions</li><br /><li>Mentor a less experienced developer</li><br /><li>Write some code</li><br /><li>Review a PR</li><br /><li>Whiteboard design solutions with a cross-departmental team</li><br /><li>Drop everything and help troubleshoot a system-wide issue affecting teachers and students in class</li><br /><li>Explain why refactoring parts of the code is important to schedule on the roadmap to non-technical department heads</li><br /></ul><br /><p>Prior to this, it is likely you:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Have dealt with Javascript. A lot of it.</li><br /><li>Have helped build and ship SAAS products</li><br /><li>Have worked well with non-technical company leaders</li><br /><li>Worked with service-oriented architecture and other infrastructure patterns</li><br /><li>Learned programming design patterns</li><br /><li>Have demonstrated honesty, determination, brilliance, and humility</li><br /></ul><br /><p><br><br></p><br /><p><strong>About Pear Deck</strong></p><br /><p>Pear Deck is a five-year-old funded startup headquartered in Iowa City, IA, focused on delivering powerful learning moments to every student, every day. By joining Pear Deck at this stage in our growth, you will be getting in during an exciting time as we expand our team while maintaining our humanity. &nbsp;So, if you like the idea of working on a close-knit crew as we face the challenges of scaling both our customers and our team, this is the perfect time to jump in.</p><br /><p><br>We value diversity and encourage people from all walks of life to join our team. We believe a wealth of perspectives helps Pear Deck serve its teachers better. If you&rsquo;re interesting in joining us on our mission, reach out to dan@peardeck.com and let us know why.</p>
