---
path: "/post-70930/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: []
title: "Logstash"
date: "2019-02-02T15:57:51-08:00"
summary: "Elastic"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>At Elastic, we have a simple goal: to solve the world's data problems with products that delight and inspire. As the company behind the popular open source projects &mdash; Elasticsearch, Kibana, Logstash, and Beats &mdash; we help people around the world do great things with their data. From stock quotes to Twitter streams, Apache logs to WordPress blogs, our products are extending what's possible with data, delivering on the promise that good things come from connecting the dots. The Elastic family unites employees across 30+ countries into one coherent team, while the broader community spans across over 100 countries.</p><br /><p>Logstash is an open source streaming ETL (extract-transform-load) tool, capable of collecting data from multiple sources, reshaping, enriching and pushing it to multiple destinations. Logstash is structured around a set of more than 200 plugins and a core platform that wires them into continuously processing pipelines. In this project, you will primarily use a mix of JRuby and Java.</p><br /><p>Our team is small and distributed across the globe, and we communicate mostly through Slack, GitHub, email and Zoom.</p><br /><p><strong><strong>Engineering philosophy</strong></strong></p><br /><p>We believe that engineering complex, pluggable software for the web that is built to last the test of time is both tricky and exciting. Doing so requires a team of diverse individuals, with sharp minds and the ability to empathize with our users, working together with mutual respect and a common mission.</p><br /><p>We care deeply about giving you full ownership of what you're working on. Our company fundamentally believes great minds achieve greatness when they are set free and are surrounded and challenged by their peers, which is clearly visible throughout our organization. At Elastic, hierarchy does not determine how decisions get made. We feel that anyone needs to be in the position to comment on anything, regardless of their role within the company</p><br /><p><strong><strong>What you'll do:</strong></strong></p><br /><p>As a member of this team you'll be responsible for maintaining, contributing and owning the development the core platform and plugins. Logstash's broad open-source code base means you will frequently engage with multiple public repositories and community forums, where you will care for the needs of our users and also our enterprise customers. You will also contribute to our development process, improving our tools and automation. You will also collaborate with other teams to drive product goals and you will partner with the support organisation to help our customers.</p><br /><p><strong><strong>Skills you will bring along:</strong></strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>You have strong programming skills with both Ruby and Java languages</li><br /><li>You are well versed in message brokers (like Kafka, RabbitMQ, JMS), database technologies (namely JDBC), non-RDBMS databases (like MongoDB and Neo4j) and any sort data streaming technology</li><br /><li>You are familiar with typical programming support tools such as Travis, Jenkins, GitHub, Git</li><br /><li>You have BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science or related engineering discipline and 3+ years of industry experience.</li><br /><li>Experience with JRuby and the rest of the Elastic Stack is a plus</li><br /><li>You know how to work in a remote-first environment, which implies excellent verbal and written communication and collaboration skills</li><br /><li>You are an autonomous and critical thinker</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong><strong>Additional&nbsp;</strong><strong>Information</strong></strong></p><br /><p>We're looking to hire team members invested in realizing the goal of making real-time data exploration easy and available to anyone. As a distributed company, we believe that diversity drives our vibe. Whether you're looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life.</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li><br /><li>Equity</li><br /><li>Global minimum of 16 weeks of paid in full parental leave (moms &amp; dads)</li><br /><li>Generous vacation time and one week of volunteer time off</li><br /><li>Your age is only a number. It doesn't matter if you're just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</li><br /></ul><br /><p>Elastic is an Equal Employment employer committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity and affirmative action for all applicants and employees. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation. Elastic also makes reasonable accommodations for disabled employees consistent with applicable law.</p>
