---
path: "/post-71122/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["javascript","cloud","engineer"]
title: "Cloud Javascript Engineer"
date: "2019-02-11T22:42:02-08:00"
summary: "Elastic"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>At Elastic, we have a simple goal: to solve the world's data problems with products that delight and inspire. As the company behind the popular open source projects &mdash; Elasticsearch, Kibana, Logstash, and Beats &mdash; we help people around the world do great things with their data. From stock quotes to Twitter streams, Apache logs to WordPress blogs, our products are extending what's possible with data, delivering on the promise that good things come from connecting the dots. Diversity drives our vibe. We unite employees across 30+ countries into one coherent team, while the broader community spans across over 100 countries.</p><br /><p>Today, Cloud runs primarily in public cloud environments like Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud, allowing customers to provision and scale Elastic clusters in a turnkey fashion. In addition to our Software-as-a-Service solution we're working on bringing this same simplicity of deployment and automation to customers who want to run and manage multiple Elastic clusters on-premise (in their own data centers).You will be contributing significantly to both initiatives. You will also be integral in crafting the products we build, not just implementing specs.</p><br /><p>Are you a front-end developer, ready to work on Cloud, our Elasticsearch-as-a-service product offering?</p><br /><p>If so, we'd love to talk. To get a feel for some of the things we work with, take a look at this blog post by one of our team members. <a href="https://www.elastic.co/blog/color-coded-visualizations-react" rel="nofollow">https://www.elastic.co/blog/color-coded-visualizations-react</a></p><br /><p>If you've read this far and think, &ldquo;that's me!&rdquo; then you probably won't need to read any further and we should have a conversation. But if you are in any doubt about the kind of experience we are looking for, and the role you can expect at Elastic, then the following bullet points should help clarify;</p><br /><p><strong>What you will be doing:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>You will innovate, lead and contribute to the development and user experience of both our hosted and on-premise offerings.</li><br /><li>You will work closely with the Elastic Cloud Product, Operations and Engineering teams to define and shape the tasks we work on.</li><br /><li>Assist in designing a scalable cloud offering working across everything from a few Elasticsearch clusters and Kibana instances to many thousands</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>What you've done:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>At least a year of web application development experience</li><br /><li>Worked or experimented with React</li><br /><li>Ability to work with a worldwide team in a distributed work environment</li><br /><li>Enthusiastic about JavaScript or web development in general</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Additional Information:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Competitive pay and benefits</li><br /><li>Catered lunches, snacks, and beverages in most offices</li><br /><li>An environment in which you can balance great work with a great life</li><br /><li>Passionate people building great products</li><br /><li>Employees with a wide variety of interests</li><br /><li>Distributed-first company with employees in over 30 countries, spread across 18 time zones, and speaking over 30 languages! Some even fly south for the winter :)</li><br /></ul><br /><p>Elastic is an Equal Employment employer committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity and affirmative action for all applicants and employees. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation. Elastic also makes reasonable accommodations for disabled employees consistent with applicable law.</p>
