---
path: "/post-71022/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","senior","digital nomad"]
title: "Senior .NET Developer"
date: "2019-02-06T17:18:24-08:00"
summary: "A"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>We are looking for Senior Software Developers with 7+ years of hands-on experience in enterprise system development, modern software architecture and good knowledge of modern web and mobile frameworks.</p><br /><p><em>This is a remote role that can be done from anywhere in Europe and pays $15-$20/hour US.</em></p><br /><br /><p><strong>What you&rsquo;ll be doing:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Develop enterprise software solutions.</li><br /><li>Design modular software architectures.</li><br /><li>Build reusable code and libraries for future use.</li><br /><li>Develop web and mobile user interfaces.</li><br /><li>Design and develop SQL and NoSQL databases.</li><br /><li>Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability.</li><br /><li>Develop Mobile applications.</li><br /><li>Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders.</li><br /><li>Staying in constant communication with team members via Slack.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><br><strong>You may be a good match for this role if you have the following...</strong></p><br /><br /><ul><br /><li>Proficient experience of .NET Framework</li><br /><li>Proficient experience of ASP.NET/ ASP.NET MVC / ASP.NET CORE</li><br /><li>Proficient experience of Web Services and Web APIs</li><br /><li>Proficient experience in SQL / NoSQL databases.</li><br /><li>Proficient experience in Software Architecture and Design patterns.</li><br /><li>Experience of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3, &nbsp;ES6+</li><br /><li>Good understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS</li><br /><li>Proficient experience of client-side scripting, JavaScript, and JS libraries like jQuery.</li><br /><li>Proficient understanding of at least one JavaScript frameworks, such as Angular, Node, React, etc.</li><br /><li>Good experience in Angular 2+</li><br /><li>Experience with Node.js and NPM</li><br /><li>Proficient experience in asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX</li><br /><li>Familiarity with modern software pipelines and tools</li><br /><li>Good understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.</li><br /><li>Proficient understanding of code versioning tools</li><br /><li>Good understanding of SEO principles</li><br /><li>Good understanding of Bootstrap UI framework</li><br /><li>Proficient understanding of web server management and Cloud environments</li><br /><li>Self-managed developer with the ability to work in a remote team environment</li><br /><li>Research, Analytical and problem solving skills</li><br /><li>You are experienced conducting business in English - verbal and written communication skills</li><br /><li>You have proven yourself to be a hands-on contributor who can think outside the box</li><br /><li>You are a strong cultural fit with [A]&rsquo;s values</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Cultural Fit at [A]</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>You love learning, you love teaching.</li><br /><li>You are constantly growing your own knowledge, and helping to grow the knowledge of others.</li><br /><li>You enjoy wearing multiple hats and roles, and titles are not important to you.</li><br /><li>You do top-quality work, manage quality, and make everything you touch better.</li><br /><li>You are comfortable working under strict confidentiality agreements and often behind-the-scenes.</li><br /><li>You are self-organized and manage time and resources well.</li><br /><li>You are able to not only work alone, but also communicate within a team by sending updates, tracking time, and other forms of communication while you work.</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>What is [A]?</strong></p><br /><p>[A] is the Content Intelligence Service, and we work with clients to create a Content Intelligence System. The Content Intelligence System is a holistic set of people, processes, and tools that maximize content-ROI by ensuring content is coherent, self-aware, and quantum. &nbsp;By creating a Content Intelligence System, we increase the effectiveness and ROI of the content assets while reducing overall costs. &nbsp;[A] works holistically to build all aspects of a content intelligence system in partnership with clients and agencies. This includes not just the technology architecture and implementation, but enabling companies with the organizational muscles to drive content intelligence.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>[A] Team Benefits</strong></p><br /><p>Being an [A]gent comes with its benefits. Work from anywhere. Advance your career on the leading edge of the content and technology sciences. Earn a competitive salary and for longtime [A]gents, participation in a profit-sharing plan. But many [A]gents find the best part of working as an [A]gent are the other [A]gents you work with and the culture at [A].</p><br /><p>We take care of each other and we honor each other's work and contributions to the team. We work to make ourselves better and our [A] team better. We make efforts to adapt new technologies and methodologies that can help us optimize our time, and we expect you to collaborate on these efforts if you&rsquo;re an expert on any of those fields. We communicate and reach out to other [A] players. &nbsp;We love learning. We love teaching. We write. We code. We support each other. For the right people, working at [A] feels like coming home.</p><br /><p><strong>What&rsquo;s Your Name, [A]gain?</strong></p><br /><p>Our name is easy. Just say &ldquo;A.&rdquo; The [A] brackets represent markup, microdata, content intelligence. The letter &ldquo;[A]&rdquo; represents the start, initiation, beginning of change. We are going to help change the world with intelligent content.</p><br /><p>Learn more about [A] at&nbsp;<a href="http://www.simplea.com/" rel="nofollow">simplea.com</a>.</p><br /><p>If this sounds like you, then write up a cover letter letting [A] know why you want to work at [A], what you do best, and what inspires you. &nbsp;A great cover letter will say much more than the resume (though we'd like to see that too).</p><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />* Required fields
