---
path: "/post-71118/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","digital nomad"]
title: "Feature Developer"
date: "2019-02-11T16:02:43-08:00"
summary: "Dealer Inspire"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>About You:</strong></p><br /><p>You value code quality, scalability, and reliability. You are not beholden to one language, design pattern, or framework, but instead, you believe that a true craftsman always chooses the right tool for the job. You understand business value and are all about creating it. You value working on a team with other developers and can communicate complex ideas with ease. You love learning and experimenting with new technologies but would never neglect the fundamentals. You don&rsquo;t have an over-sized ego.</p><br /><p><strong>About Us:</strong></p><br /><p>Dealer Inspire is an automotive website platform provider with headquarters Naperville, Illinois. We pride ourselves in having a fun, unconventional working environment and a great culture. While our team works extremely hard, we try to keep it a fun and creative work environment. At Dealer Inspire, we like to look at current problems and 'rethink' about solutions. We're flexible - we don't write requirements in stone, and things can change regularly. This means rethinking how the solutions work best.</p><br /><p>Want to learn more about who we are? Check us out&nbsp;<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G---7gJrR7E" rel="nofollow">here</a>!</p><br /><p><strong>Job Description:</strong></p><br /><p>This position is responsible for the maintenance and improvement of the Dealer Inspire platform, specifically forward-facing features and functionality. The Feature Developer creates new features or refactors existing tools. This role requires expert knowledge of the Dealer Inspire platform and associated DI Plugins and third-party plugins. Feature Developers must be knowledgeable of available tools and resources and know where to implement custom solutions. Strong problem solving, organization, and documentation skills are key to success.</p><br /><p><strong>Required Skills:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>2+ years of development experience using a variety of technologies.</li><li>Strong command of HTML, CSS, JS, and PHP.</li><li>Familiarity and experience with Git/Mercurial.</li><li>Understanding of WordPress and experience building WordPress themes.</li><li>Experience building WordPress plugins.</li><li>Familiarity with frontend frameworks like Bootstrap, Bourbon, or Foundation.</li><li>Expertise in building and testing responsive sites.</li><li>Must be organized, detail oriented, and able to juggle multiple projects with varying timelines and requirements.</li><li>Demonstrated ability to communicate complex terms and ideas to stakeholders and coworkers.</li><li>Fast learner &amp; interested in new technologies.</li><li>The ability to remain cool under pressure.</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Nice to have:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Experience with SASS/SCSS.</li><li>Experience with automated testing.</li><li>Experience with Node.</li><li>Experience with JS frameworks like Vue.</li><li>Experience with build tools like Grunt or Gulp.</li><li>Any design experience with Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign etc.</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Responsibilities May Include:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Development work on our Award-Winning, WordPress based platform.</li><li>Working with our development team, systems team, and designers to fulfill support requests or bug reports from clients.</li><li>Maintaining current WordPress plugins and building them to support new or existing platform features.</li><li>Building custom functionality on client sites.</li><li>Working with internal and external APIs to build dynamic services.</li><li>Supporting the development team by providing knowledge and training resources.</li><li>Contributing to or supporting internal tools utilized by the development teams.</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Compensation:</strong></p><br /><p>Compensation based upon skill and previous experience. Motivated and talented individuals may advance quickly in our fast growing company.</p><br /><p><strong>Perks:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Health Insurance with BCBS, Delta Dental (Orthodontics coverage available), Eye Med Vision</li><li>401k plan with company match</li><li>Tuition Reimbursement</li><li>13 days paid time off, parental leave, and selected paid holidays</li><li>Life and Disability Insurance</li><li>Subsidized gym membership</li><li>Subsidized internet access for your home</li><li>Peer to Peer Bonus program</li></ul><br /><p>*Not a complete, detailed list. Benefits have terms and requirements before employees are eligible.</p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71118">https://remoteok.io/l/71118</A>
