---
path: "/post-71097/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["react","full stack","javascript"]
title: "Full Stack Polyglot ReactJS Java AWS Services"
date: "2019-02-10T21:16:54-08:00"
summary: "Contrast Security"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>Our team is expanding as our company continues to grow from a small start-up to an evolving 4+ year company. We have an opportunity to bring on software engineers who are comfortable working with multiple languages on our full stack application (Java/Spring and Angular/React) and our AWS cloud-based services mainly written in Python and NodeJS Lambda services. We are in search of engineers who are interested in working across many languages.</p><br /><p>Our engineering team has a strong spirit of entrepreneurship. Every member of the team has joined us over our short&nbsp; history because he/she wants to be part of a high-performing team and go through the startup experience. We look for candidates that share&nbsp;similar goals and beliefs about the work and the team they want to be a part of.&nbsp;We've put together some notes <a href="https://contrast-security-oss.github.io/join-the-team/" rel="nofollow">here</a>&nbsp;which will tell you and show you a little bit about our experience.&nbsp;</p><br /><p>We are&nbsp;a growing&nbsp;group&nbsp;of engineers, designers and product specialists. Anyone who applies to work on our team&nbsp;is specifically looking for an opportunity to be able to:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Work hand-in-hand with our Product Managers, UX/Designers and Customers on each feature and improvement.</li><br /><li>Own the technical design, implementation and quality engineering of our full stack application and Lambda services.</li><br /><li>Participate in constant collaboration with teammates in the form of pair programming, group code reviews and pull requests prior to commit.</li><br /><li>Deploys: our engineers deploy&nbsp;multiple times&nbsp;a day to our AWS&nbsp;infrastructure.</li><br /><li>On-call rotation: every member of the team, including the VP of Engineering participates in the on-call rotation.</li><br /><li>Technical support: Our engineers don't just release code in the wild. When our customer have issues, we have to jump in and give them help.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Skills &amp; Requirements</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>You are a Java expert with a strong understanding of Spring, MySQL, Linux, Apache ActiveMQ and are comfortable working with Cassandra, Redis&nbsp;or ElasticSearch.</li><br /><li>You have&nbsp;experience with HTML5, CSS3 (Less), and JavaScript Framework (AngularJS, EmberJS or ReactJS) experience.</li><br /><li>Experience or interest working with TypeScript and GraphQL.</li><br /><li>Interest and/or experience with Python and NodeJS.</li><br /><li>Have an eye for quality and have an interest in using tools/frameworks like Enzyme, Prettier, ReactTestRenderer, Jest, JUnit, StoryBook, etc...</li><br /><li>Interest to work with newer technologies such Apache Kafka and AWS Lambda&nbsp;</li><br /><li>Interest and experience working with Docker and Kubernetes as well as Vagrant and Ansible</li><br /><li>AWS Services: S3, EC2, CloudFront, Lambda</li><br /><li>You approach problems from a product perspective, thinking through how the user will interact with what you're building.</li><br /><li>You have strong communication skills. You ask questions, let others know when you need help, and tell others what you need.</li><br /><li>You're a problem solver. You believe the best work is the result of finding the simplest solution to complex challenges.</li><br /><li>You see the big picture. You understand how the code you write interacts with systems and services, both internally and externally.&nbsp;</li><br /></ul>
