---
path: "/post-71214/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","javascript","digital nomad"]
title: "Javascript Developer"
date: "2019-02-06T22:01:50-08:00"
summary: "HiringThing"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>HiringThing is looking for an experienced javascript developer to focus on growing our cloud-based hiring platform.</p><br /><p>You'll be responsible for building new frontend features with React/Redux, both independently and within a cross functional team. You'll also be responsible for maintaining and fixing bugs in existing features, some written in older frontend technologies (a mix of jQuery and Backbone).</p><br /><p>You&rsquo;ll enjoy working on the latest web technologies in our ever-evolving stack and have significant input into product direction, technology decisions and development priorities. We practice continuous integration and deploy on demand throughout the day.</p><br /><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Minimum 3 years of javascript experience</li><br /><li>At least one year of React and Redux</li><br /><li>Strong knowledge of HTML/CSS/SCSS</li><br /><li>Familiarity with javascript testing</li><br /><li>Experience configuring webpack</li><br /><li>Independent work ethic or fully remote workspace experience</li><br /><li>Strong communication skills</li><br /><li>Experience with backend technologies (Rails specifically) a plus</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Technologies in Play</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>React w/ Redux</li><br /><li>Mocha w/ Chai</li><br /><li>Ruby on Rails</li><br /><li>MySQL</li><br /><li>Amazon Web Services</li><br /><li>Docker</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Compensation/Benefits:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>401(k) plan with Roth and Standard options</li><br /><li>$100/month telecom reimbursement</li><br /><li>Up to $50/month fitness reimbursement</li><br /><li>Ability to work remotely</li><br /><li>Comprehensive benefits offered to eligible employees</li><br /><li>Opportunity to contribute in a hands-on manner to the growth and direction of the Company</li><br /><li>Unlimited PTO policy</li><br /><li>Opportunity for professional development&nbsp;</li><br /><li>8 annual paid holidays for full-time employees</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>About HiringThing</strong></p><br /><p>HiringThing is a cloud-based software company that helps companies post jobs online, manage applicants, and hire great employees. We&rsquo;ve been in business since 2012 and are growing rapidly.</p><br /><p>We&rsquo;re a fully remote company with a virtual office.&nbsp;We're a technology-first team dedicated to building the greatest recruiting software available.&nbsp;We keep in touch with Slack and regular video conferences. We meet as a team daily and are required to connect with other teams during standard business hours. You can work from home, a coffee shop or the beach as long as the work gets done.&nbsp;</p><br /><p>We also offer competitive salaries, benefits, and an Unlimited PTO&nbsp;policy, in which each employee is afforded the flexibility to take vacation, take time off for illness and shift schedules as necessary.</p><br /><p><em>Applicants will be asked to complete a brief assessment as part of the application process. This will take approximately 20 minutes and cannot be re-entered once you exit the process. Please allow enough time to complete the assessment. Thank you.</em></p>
