---
path: "/post-71340/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["writing","copywriting","non tech"]
title: "Freelance Writer to Simplify Legalese"
date: "2019-02-23T09:54:05-08:00"
summary: "Legalcom"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/jobs/a8a2b49ff71873d9f3feea6e9a91c11f1550922845.png"]
---

We’re looking for reliable, talented freelance writers who love writing about a wide range of topics, including legal topics.Most of our work is on legal topics. All topics related to legal are entry-level and not at an academic level.You’ll be writing about everything from why a certain legal contract is required for a business to writing a checklist article of best tools to use for an e-commerce store to increase sales.**About The Work**We understand the value of quality content. We’re not looking for plain text articles, but well-researched articles to educate our readers: articles with images, links, quotes from research papers, expert’s quotes etc.Our articles are often 1000+ words, generally around 2,000 words. Some articles are beyond 10,000 words.We’re not looking to game search engines, but rather educate our customers about the legal contracts they’re searching for. We aim to be a teacher to our customers.We are looking for writers available for a minimum of one day/week. We have as much work as you can handle. We don’t micromanage.We are very clear on what we want for every article. We provide topics with a proposed structure including due dates and the minimum required length. There is sometimes communication back and forth during the revision session. But for the most part: you write the article, turn it in, we review and ask for edits if necessary and then publish it.Writers get paid every other week, in US dollars by PayPal.Depending on where we’ll publish your work, and for as much as we can, we’ll show your bio byline to give you author credits.**Job Requirements*** Native English speaker with strong writing skills. We can make an exception on this if you have English Proficiency qualification.* Exceptional online research skills* Well organized and reliable* Some degree of technical proficiency (using Google Docs, taking screenshots)It’s a major plus if you have any of the following:* Legal degree or paralegal experience**How Do We Work?**We work remotely. We don’t need to sync time zones.We work over Google Docs and email.**How To Apply?**Send an email to office@legalcom.group with:* A 4-5 sentence introduction explaining why you think you would be a good fit* 3 URLs showcasing your work related to internet laws or technology* Your freelance writing rates (per word, please)Please format your subject line as follows: “Your Name | Freelance Writer | RemoteOK” (example: John Doe | Freelance Writer | RemoteOK). **The subject line format is important**, otherwise our editor won’t get your email.We look forward to hearing from you!
