---
path: "/post-71344/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["senior","engineer"]
title: "Senior FullStack Engineer"
date: "2019-02-24T23:42:06-08:00"
summary: "Avanoo"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>First, a bit about Avanoo</strong></p><br /><p>Have you ever wondered what the most successful people in the world have, that the rest of us don&rsquo;t? No, it&rsquo;s not a high IQ. And no, it&rsquo;s not that they studied more than the rest of us at school. There are a whole host of attributes that these people embody, which are never taught in school. Things like perseverance, passion, laser-like focus, a positive mindset, and the list goes on and on.</p><br /><p>Avanoo exists to help employees at Fortune&nbsp;1,000 companies embody these attributes, through 3-minute-a-day video programs and deep analytics that help us understand what their people need the most and predict what sort of content can drive the most impact.</p><br /><p>If the skills we learn in school are the applications we use to get through life, the attributes we help people embody at Avanoo are like the operating system.</p><br /><p><strong>We're doing quite well</strong></p><br /><p>We just completed our series A round of investment, grew more than 3x over last year, and unlike many companies in Silicon Valley, we're profitable.</p><br /><p>We've proven over and over again that we can help enterprises drive real impact to their bottom line just&nbsp;through the magic concoction we've put together. For example, with one of our clients, they were able to directly connect millions of dollars in new product innovations&nbsp;after 2 years of working with us.&nbsp;</p><br /><p>The bottom line is, we're scaling so fast that our existing dev team can hardly keep up!</p><br /><p><strong>What you'll be working on </strong></p><br /><p>That&rsquo;s where YOU come in: Helping us sustain this incredible growth, by building out the platform. You&rsquo;ll be helping us build out an enterprise-class analytics platform, which will pull data from a variety of sources, to help us track and show growth in human potential.</p><br /><p>If being part of a team that is building the first-ever platform that tracks and optimizes the human operating system, then read on!</p><br /><p><strong>Skills &amp; Requirements</strong></p><br /><ul><li>5+ years of experience developing high quality web applications</li><li>Excellent problem-solving skills</li><li>Experience with one of the following front end frameworks is necessary: AppRun, Dojo 2, AngularJS</li><li>Experience building and maintaining products with real-world usage</li><li>Experience and high comfort level with Test-driven development is required</li><li>Attention to detail &ndash; this is very important, since our products are being used by lots and lots of Fortune 1,000 employees</li><li>Solid grasp of OOP Principles</li><li>Extensive familiarity with JavaScript / Responsive HTML+CSS&nbsp; is necessary.</li><li>Ability to write responsive, cross-browser HTML/CSS&nbsp;</li><li>Expertise in&nbsp;Ruby/RoR&nbsp;</li></ul>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71344">https://remoteok.io/l/71344</A>
