---
path: "/post-71159/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","senior","engineer"]
title: "Senior Software Engineer Community"
date: "2019-02-13T17:35:12-08:00"
summary: "Skillshare"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>As a key member Skillshare&rsquo;s Ecosystem team, you&rsquo;ll be at the helm of one our most innovative and exploratory groups at Skillshare. The team&rsquo;s work draws from a deep understanding of our users&rsquo; needs and augments their experience beyond classes - how else can we provide value to our students and teachers? How can we foster and grow the learning community on the platform? The Ecosystem team builds emerging features and functionalities to answer these questions. The team&rsquo;s work is pivotal to the growth of our platform and our network. As such, we&rsquo;re looking for a high level engineer who will work closely with our engineers, product, and leadership stakeholders to bring these features and functionalities to life.</p><br /><p><strong>What you'll do:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>Participate in daily stand-ups, bi-weekly sprint plannings, and sprint retrospectives for the team (we work in agile here)</li><br /><li>Help facilitate ticket assignment &ndash; you know the strengths of engineers on your team, and when to give them new challenges to help them grow</li><br /><li>Collaborate with the team&rsquo;s Product Manager to determine longer-term roadmaps</li><br /><li>Build the product! A solid portion of this role will be hands-on writing code, and we&rsquo;ll look to your senior expertise to set the standard for the team.</li><br /><li>Review code and provide technical mentorship to engineers on your team (and across the company)</li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Why we're excited about you:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>You&rsquo;re an experienced full-stack engineer with a proven history of leading teams in this capacity.</li><br /><li>You are motivated by technical mentorship.</li><br /><li>You bring best practices for coding, testing and technical documentation to the table, and are ready to help us implement them.</li><br /><li>You&rsquo;re interested in emerging technologies and excited to help push the boundaries of Skillshare&rsquo;s platform offerings.</li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Why you're excited about us:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>Impact: Innovation is at the heart of our Ecosystem team, and you&rsquo;ll be leading the technical charge.</li><br /><li>Our mission: We are building a learning ecosystem for the new economy and changing millions of lives for the better.</li><br /><li>Our team: We have a passionate, smart team that is a lot of fun to work with.</li><br /><li>Your life: We take pride in our flexibility. Need flexible hours, or work a day or two remotely? No problem. We trust you to do what you need to do.</li><br /></ul><br /></ul>
