---
path: "/post-70967/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["ruby","senior","engineer"]
title: "Senior Ruby On Rails Engineer"
date: "2019-02-04T12:23:11-08:00"
summary: "whitespectre"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>We are a globally distributed Software Development Consultancy, with offices in Barcelona. We partner closely with our clients to provide long-term embedded expertise as an integral part of their product/engineering team. Our focus is product excellence, Rails platform and mobile application development.</p><br /><p>We are continuing to grow and taking on new projects with our clients/partners. We're looking to add to our team working on a solidus-based MLM Platform. Across all projects we focus on ensuring our clients get great technical solutions built by teams of smart engineers.</p><br /><p><strong><strong>What do we offer?</strong></strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Hard technical challenges (you won't find all the answers on Stack Overflow) where you can take ownership of the solution</li><br /><li>Work as part of a talented, globally distributed, successful team</li><br /><li>A productive and non-frustrating work environment from a focussed adherence to our agile/scrum processes (we really believe it helps getting good work done)</li><br /><li>A great working atmosphere where you can share and learn with other smart people - on this and on other projects.</li><br /><li>The best-in-class toolsets: Slack, CI/CD with Docker etc</li><br /><li>Meetups in our Barcelona offices for our remote folks</li><br /><li>Competitive rates</li><br /><li>A long term working relationship: this project, then others.</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong><strong>You'll be:</strong></strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Working within a fast moving team (working ~11am - 8pm Central European time) of both backend and frontend engineers.</li><br /><li>Building challenging business logic on top of open source Solidus.</li><br /><li>Designing clean APIs and often interfacing with other legacy backend systems.</li><br /><li>Solving hard business logic with elegant software design</li><br /><li>Identifying bottlenecks, using tools to diagnose and refactor code for scale</li><br /><li>Ensuring the robustness, performance and failure characteristics of the system.</li><br /><li>Writing well tested (rspec), defect free code with CI/CD</li><br /><li>Taking ownership of production applications - managing issues, releases and ensuring quality</li><br /></ul><br /><p>Good English verbal and written communication skills are essential.&nbsp;This is a contract position with a long term outlook (12 months+ full-time project) for the right candidate. We are looking for remote workers (most of the company is remote) or have openings based in our Barcelona office.&nbsp;</p>
