---
path: "/post-71093/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["exec"]
title: "Customer Outcomes Manager"
date: "2019-02-10T15:04:12-08:00"
summary: "Sonatype"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

If you get excited at the mere thought of helping customers use new technology to help speed their software development lifecycle so they can innovate faster, while making their software more secure - then you should keep reading. We are growing rapidly, and we need to add Customer Outcomes Managers (COM) to collaborate with our customers to ensure they continuously realize value across the Sonatype Nexus platform.<br /><br />What You Will DoOur customers are enterprise architects, security officers, build engineers, developers, DevOps managers, and associated stakeholders in the SDLC. They are incredibly smart and know their stuff.<br /><br /><strong>What you will do:</strong><br /><br /><ul><li>Work closely with Customer Success Engineers (CSE) to help customers achieve their desired outcomes.</li><li>Drive customer action by planning the customer journey, tracking milestones, and measuring the value achieved to ensure a successful outcome.</li><li>Coordinate and facilitate customer engagements as you help guide them through the journey.</li><li>Engage in one-to-one and one-to-many customer outreach with the goal of understanding their implementation status, conducting Executive Business Review (EBRs), and defining/documenting how we can close any customer success gaps.</li><li>Share field insights with your Customer Success peers as well as our Sales, Product Marketing, and Engineering teams. Provide feedback on how to achieve more value-based outcomes based on customer reactions and your hands-on experiences.</li><li>Discover and analyze gaps in the customer experience, identifying "early warning" signals and working with cross-functional teams to address them.</li><li>Ensure customers are SUCCESSFUL and DELIGHTED with Sonatype products and services, not merely satisfied.</li><li>If you&rsquo;ve been told, &ldquo;you have a great bed-side manner,&rdquo; that&rsquo;s what we&rsquo;re looking for. &nbsp;And while there will be some days of mostly screen-time, this is a customer-facing role with some travel.</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Experiences and skills desired:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Extensive experience project managing software deployments for external customers.</li><li>Detail-oriented and organizedExcellent verbal and written communication skills.</li><li>Experience with coordinating and facilitating customer engagements.</li><li>Ability to collaborate with customers to drive projects to a conclusion despite competing priorities and limited resources.</li><li>Ability to build and nurture relationships through customer engagements.</li><li>General understanding of the modern software development lifecycle and the tools involved.</li><li>Experience with the creation/execution of processes to address application security and licensing are desirable.</li><li>Experience working cross-functionally alongside Engineering and Sales organizations is a plus.&nbsp;</li></ul>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71093">https://remoteok.io/l/71093</A>
