---
path: "/post-71241/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["react","dev","javascript"]
title: "React Developer"
date: "2019-02-18T12:19:35-08:00"
summary: "Clevertech"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>What you&rsquo;ll do:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Collaborate with our team in every stage of a product's lifecycle; from planning to delivery</li><li>Create clean, modern, testable, well-documented code</li><li>Work within an Agile team in CI/CD environment with modern JavaScript technologies to develop complex web applications</li><li>Confidently communicate daily with clients to understand and deliver technical requirements</li><li>Manage your own workflow to meet the deadlines which you will have set with your team to ensure success</li></ul><br /><p><strong>What is Required:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>5 years experience with JavaScript - React, Node, Redux, React Native</li><li>Bachelor&rsquo;s or Master&rsquo;s degree <em>in Computer Science or similar technical discipline</em></li><li>Database skills &ndash; You understand the use cases for relational and non-relational data, you&rsquo;ve implemented code against several different database platforms.</li><li>Strong communicator and fluent in English with excellent written and verbal communication skills.</li><li>Strong understanding of the agile software development process</li><li>Excited by ambiguity and rapid changes common in early-stage product development</li><li>Available for 6 hours overlap with EST time zone.</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Who We Are</strong></p><br /><p>Clevertech is a leading consultancy that is on a mission to build transformational digital solutions for the world&rsquo;s most innovative organizations. Enterprise companies turn to Clevertech to help them launch innovative digital products that interact with hundreds of millions of customers, transactions and data points. By partnering with Clevertech these companies are propelling forward and changing their industries, business models and more.</p><br /><p>Based in New York City with fully remote development teams, Clevertech has built core product offerings for clients whose value was revealed in transactions valued in excess of $100 million. &nbsp;</p><br /><p>The problems we solve everyday are real and require creativity, grit and determination. We are building a culture that challenges norms while fostering experimentation and personal growth. We are hiring team members who are passionate and energized by the vision of empowering our customers in a complex industry through technology, data and a deep understanding of client concerns. In order to grasp the scale of problems we face, ideally you have some exposure to Logistics, FinTech, Transportation, Insurance, Media or other complex multifactor industries.</p><br /><p><strong>Our Benefits</strong><br>We know that people do their best work when they&rsquo;re taken care of. So we make sure to offer great benefits that promote personal and professional growth!<br><br></p><br /><ul><li>Competitive Vacation Package</li><li>Annual Financial Allowance for YOUR development</li><li>Flexible Family Leave</li><li>Clevertech Gives Back Program</li><li>Clevertech U (Leadership Training Program, Habit Building, New Skills Training)</li><li>Clevertech Swag</li><li>Strong Clevertech Community</li></ul><br /><p><br><br></p><br /><p><strong>How We Work</strong><br>Why do people join Clevertech? To make an impact. To grow themselves. To be surrounded by developers who they can learn from. We are truly excited to be creating waves in an industry under transformation.<br><br>True innovation comes from an exchange of knowledge across all of our teams. To put people on the path for success, we nurture a culture built on trust, collaboration, and personal growth. You will work in small feature-based cross-functional teams and be empowered to take ownership.<br><br>We make a point of constantly evolving our experience and skills. We value diverse perspectives and fostering personal growth by challenging everyone to push beyond our comfort level and try something new.<br><br>The result? We produce meaningful work</p><br /><p><br><strong>Getting Hired</strong><br>We hire people from a variety of backgrounds who are respectful, collaborative, and introspective. Members of the tech team, for example, come from diverse backgrounds having worked as copy editors, graphic designers, and photographers prior to joining Clevertech.<br><br>Our hiring process focuses not only on your skills but also on your professional and personal ambitions. We want to get to know you. We put a lot of thought into the interview process in order to get a holistic understanding of you while being mindful of your time. You will solve problems derived from the work we do on a daily basis followed by thoughtful discussions around potential fit. Whatever the outcome, we want you to have a great candidate experience.</p><br /><p>Want to learn more about Clevertech and the team? Check out<a href="http://clevertech.careers/" rel="nofollow"> clevertech.careers</a>.</p><br /><p><a href="https://youtu.be/z5daft3oGjM" rel="nofollow">Clevertech Culture Video</a></p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71241">https://remoteok.io/l/71241</A>
