---
path: "/post-70924/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["php","woocommerce","wordpress"]
title: "Senior PHP Engineer"
date: "2019-02-02T00:49:59-08:00"
summary: "SkyVerge"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/jobs/f7524890e558b5341dc3b68006df7555.png"]
---

SkyVerge is looking for a talented full-stack senior PHP engineer to join our team and help build our portfolio of WordPress plugins for WooCommerce. You'll write code that helps power mission-critical tools for millions of online stores.**The Role**You’ll focus on building new features and maintaining existing code, while also helping with code reviews and customer support. With over 60 different plugins, there’s a wide variety of work. You might spend time on some complicated frontend interactions using JS, then switch focus to working with a tricky external REST API for a while, and later work on adding unit/acceptance tests to our framework code.You’ll have the opportunity to really dive into a problem and understand it before crafting a well-engineered, high quality solution. We believe the best work happens when given lots of uninterrupted time to think and code.Our plugins are built on top of WordPress and designed to work with WooCommerce, so we use PHP 5.3+ (moving soon to PHP 5.6 minimum) and we write all new JS in ES6. We follow a superset of the WordPress coding standards and actively invest in tooling & testing to improve both the quality of our products and the happiness of our team building them. We work primarily through GitHub and Slack, so you should be able clearly express your ideas via comments and messages. All new code is tested and peer-reviewed, so you’ll be able to both learn from the rest of the team and share your knowledge.As one of our senior engineers, the team will look to you for advice and direction. You’ll help shape our best practices, decide on libraries & tooling, and refactor older or underperforming parts of the codebase. You’ll also be responsible for moving your projects forward, communicating your progress and milestones with others, and clearly documenting your work.**Process**After an initial screening, you’ll get an email with a few questions to answer. Following that, you’ll have a few 45 minute phone chats with different people on our team to learn more about you and answer any questions you have about the position and company. The most qualified candidates will then be invited to complete a short one-day research project. If this goes well, we’ll invite you to the final stage of our evaluation process: the trial project. During this 1-2 week period, you’ll work closely with our team as a paid contractor to develop & ship a small feature. This gives you an opportunity to make sure you enjoy the work and the team, and it gives us an opportunity to evaluate your work. We’ll have regular chats each week to share feedback and make sure we’re on the same page. At the end of the project, if all goes well, you’ll be offered a permanent position. 🙂 **Benefits**Here are some benefits we're happy to offer to our team members:* Competitive salary* Annual incentive for meeting team and company goals* 27 days of paid time-off, in addition to 2 company holidays (SkyVerge Day in March, Founders Day in June 😀)* Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance for US and Canadian residents and their families (reimbursements for comparable care for non-US/Canadian residents)* 401k/RRSP Retirement plan with 4% company match for US/Canadian residents (contributions to comparable plans for non-US/Canadian residents)* Up to 8 weeks paid parental leave for new mothers and fathers* Work flexible hours from anywhere that has a reliable internet connection* Tools (hardware/software) to help you be productive* Allowance for professional growth (books, courses, conferences)* Home office or co-working allowance* A Kindle to help you keep learning*We support workplace diversity and do not discriminate on any protected class. We believe when we work together as a team of different views, experiences, and ideas, we can build amazing things.*
