---
path: "/post-71589/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","digital nomad"]
title: "Developer Advocate"
date: "2019-03-08T11:17:20-08:00"
summary: "YLD"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Overview</strong></p><br /><p>Everything we do empowers our clients to move forward.</p><br /><p>Great technology companies are built on incredible design, engineering and strategy, working in unison, operating at the very heart of an organisation and its audience. Enabling organisations to become great technology companies is our mission and our promise to our clients.</p><br /><p>We aim to leave them with the mindset, tools, skills and expertise they need to go beyond their own expectations, revolutionise their sectors, and for us to be proud of the change we create with them and their customers.</p><br /><p><strong>About YLD</strong></p><br /><p><strong>&ldquo;Good enough to be dangerous&rdquo;</strong></p><br /><p>During our company-wide trip to Porto, our CEO Nuno attributed YLD&rsquo;s continued growth and success down to those we hire.</p><br /><p>Our employees are &ldquo;good enough to be dangerous&rdquo; and we believe that bringing extraordinary people together produces great results.</p><br /><p>We are a strong proponent of continuous delivery and rigorous testing practices, and we help our customers move towards modern best-practices with minimal risk.</p><br /><p>We educate, co-develop and automate, whilst passing on our expertise to our customers&rsquo; development teams in the process. It&rsquo;s not just about lines of code.</p><br /><p>YLD has&nbsp;offices in London, Manchester, Lisbon, Porto.</p><br /><p><strong>About The Role</strong></p><br /><p>A YLD Developer Advocate is first and foremost an engineer, so you will need to be specialised on a particular technology. You will also have experience engaging with the community, public speaking and developer relations.</p><br /><p>Our tech conferences and meetups are built by the community, for the community. Your role will be leading the innovation of our community engagement with open-source work. We expect a Developer Advocate to work closely with the CTO and Head of Marketing to engage open source communities and tell the YLD story.</p><br /><p>This role helps keep us connected to the communities that love technology as much as we do!</p><br /><p><strong>About You</strong></p><br /><p>You will act as a passionate advocate within the community as well as being a vocal champion for developer interests within YLD.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><br /><p>You will be an engineer that loves to connect with developers - you enjoy speaking publicly about open-source technologies at conferences, meetups and sharing your knowledge through varying content forms.&nbsp;</p><br /><p>You&rsquo;ll bring an entrepreneurial flair, &nbsp;as you will build and maintain networks with other engineers and decision-making leaders. &nbsp;</p><br /><p>You possess excellent communication skills that will allow you to build clear and compelling presentations and deliver them to a variety of audiences.&nbsp;</p><br /><p><strong>Your Re</strong><strong>sponsibilities</strong></p><br /><p><strong>Engineering</strong></p><br /><ul><li><strong>Open Source work</strong> - Be active in the open source world, own open source projects that impact the community and participate in relevant open source projects by opening issues, commenting on existing issues, submitting pull requests, etc;</li><li><strong>Software Development -</strong> Build tooling / extensions for the technologies we use, find ways to improve the engineers&rsquo; workflows and talk / write about it;</li><li><strong>Research</strong> - Proactively seeking new technologies, building prototypes, and writing about the experience, which will inform YLD of potential new business areas &nbsp;to explore;</li><li><strong>Training - </strong>Be a leader and an expert in a given technology, write content that can be used in a business context for a client or internally for our engineers to help their professional growth;</li><li><strong>Sales Engineering </strong>- Being able to clearly articulate the benefits of a particular technology in the context of a client engagement, provide workshops to clients and be able to prove to clients the value of using a given technology</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Marketing / Community</strong></p><br /><ul><li><strong>Community engagement -</strong> Work closely with the marketing team to represent YLD within our community via education such as talks or workshops at conferences and meetups, events organisation, and content creation;</li><li><strong>Knowledge sharing </strong>- Lead content creation on the core YLD technologies via blogs, white papers, webinars, videos as well as exploring new channels and technologies;</li><li><strong>Documentation</strong> - Work on training materials and identifying ways to document how we utilise open-source technologies;</li><li><strong>Educating the internal teams </strong>-&nbsp;Bring back the knowledge from the industry and community events by presenting new trends and working with the team to implement new ways of working and community engagement</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Our Offer</strong></p><br /><ul><li>6 month pay reviews</li><li>6 months fully paid maternity and paternity leave</li><li>&pound;2,000 yearly allowance for training / conferences</li><li>&pound;300 hardware budget</li><li>Minimum of 25 days holiday (excluding Public Holidays)</li><li>Mentorship through fortnightly 1:1s</li><li>Company pension</li><li>Private health care</li><li>Company Uber and Airbnb account for business travel</li><li>Cycle to work scheme</li></ul><br /><p>We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.</p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71589">https://remoteok.io/l/71589</A>
