---
path: "/post-71575/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["senior","engineer"]
title: "Senior Infrastrcuture Engineer"
date: "2019-03-07T18:53:02-08:00"
summary: "Marketcircle"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>Are you a software developer that loves the option of working from home, collaborating with a fun team, and enjoy solving challenging problems?&nbsp; If so, we're looking for an experienced software developer to join our Backend Team. This team is primarily responsible for developing, maintaining and supporting the backend services for our apps.&nbsp;You will&nbsp;be a highly motivated team player, as well as&nbsp;creative and passionate about developing new technology that&nbsp;not only&nbsp;improves the way our apps work, but also helps small businesses world wide.&nbsp;You are a self-starter and aren&rsquo;t&nbsp;afraid to jump in on the deep end.&nbsp; Why you&rsquo;ll love working at Marketcircle:</p><br /><ul><li>Work&nbsp;remotely! No one likes having to&nbsp;battle traffic during rush-hour on a daily basis, so you don&rsquo;t have to!&nbsp;</li><li>Startup style company. You won&rsquo;t&nbsp;find any of that corporate BS here!</li><li>Ownership. We give you the freedom and&nbsp;flexibility to take ownership of your work. In fact, we believe in this so much that its one of our core values.&nbsp;</li><li>Learn. We invest in our employees both vertically and horizontally. Want to attend a conference? Great! Want to learn the latest&nbsp;language? We have unlimited Udemy courses.&nbsp;</li><li>Team. Our team is like our second family. And why shouldn&rsquo;t they be? We work, learn, eat and in some cases even live with each other!&nbsp;</li></ul><br /><p>You are:</p><br /><ul><li>an experienced software developer, with some experience building backend services</li><li>comfortable working remotely</li><li>comfortable working independently or collaboratively</li><li>willing to participate in a rotating on-call schedule</li></ul><br /><p>You&rsquo;ll be working on:</p><br /><ul><li>a HTTP/REST API written in Ruby (you will probably spend most of you time here)</li><li>an Authentication/Payment backend written in&nbsp;Ruby</li><li>a PostgreSQL database with a custom C extension to track changes</li></ul><br /><p>You have:</p><br /><ul><li>a solid understanding of modern backend applications</li><li>experience with modern API design and ideally know your way around in a web framework such as Ruby on Rails, Django, or Sinatra</li><li>experience with a either Ruby, Python, or a similar scripting language</li><li>an appreciation for well written, tested and documented code</li><li>experience with Linux or a BSD</li><li>experience with Git and GitHub</li></ul><br /><p>Bonus Points for:</p><br /><ul><li>experience with infrastructure management tools (like Puppet, Ansible or Chef) (we use Ansible)</li><li>experience with cloud infrastructure providers (like AWS, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure or DigitalOcean)</li><li>knowing your way around the network stack, from HTTP to TCP to IP and have a solid understanding of security (TLS/ IPSec/Firewalls)</li></ul><br /><p>How to Apply:&nbsp; Send your resume over to jobs[at]marketcircle[dot]com and be sure to include why you&rsquo;d be the best fit for this role.&nbsp;</p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71575">https://remoteok.io/l/71575</A>
