---
path: "/post-71361/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["react native","react","dev"]
title: "React Native Mobile Developer"
date: "2019-02-25T12:42:58-08:00"
summary: "Clevertech"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>DESCRIPTION</strong><br>Clevertech is seeking a Mobile Developer who has a strong production background in React Native to join us in developing premium native experiences for our consumers. In this role, you will deliver well designed, highly testable, and resilient mobile applications. You will also be instrumental in driving our mobile technology roadmap forward and evangelizing mobile development and testing practices. The successful candidate is both deeply experienced with mobile development and a team player that thrives in a collaborative agile environment.</p><br /><p>You can deliver quickly while being clever to avoid missteps. You have an effective positive attitude that shines as you show your care about client and colleague concerns. You are always learning and are a transparent communicator even when it is challenging. You thrive on challenging yourself daily and seek to surround yourself with like minded individuals.</p><br /><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong><br>* 5+ years of software development experience<br>* React Native experience required<br>* Experience with MobX<br>* Ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions<br>* Strong communicator and fluent in English with excellent written and verbal communication skills<br>* Knowledge about the Lean Startup and Agile Methodologies<br>* Minimum 3 years of cumulative mobile app development, design, and/or architecture experience with technology experience from at least one of the following areas:<br>* Server-side/Middleware (REST API services, microservices)<br>* Native Applications (iOS, Android)</p><br /><p><br><strong>Our Benefits</strong><br>We know that people do their best work when they&rsquo;re taken care of. So we make sure to offer great benefits.</p><br /><p>- Competitive Vacation Package<br>- Annual Financial Allowance for YOUR development<br>- Flexible Family Leave<br>- Clevertech Gives Back Program<br>- Clevertech U (Leadership Program, Habit Building, New Skills Training)<br>- Clevertech Swag<br>- Strong Clevertech Community</p><br /><p><strong>How We Work</strong><br>Why do people join Clevertech? To make an impact. To grow themselves. To be surrounded by developers who they can learn from. We are truly excited to be creating waves in an industry under transformation.</p><br /><p>True innovation comes from an exchange of knowledge across all of our teams. To put people on the path for success, we nurture a culture built on trust, collaboration, and personal growth. You will work in small feature-based cross-functional teams and be empowered to take ownership.</p><br /><p>We make a point of constantly evolving our experience and skills. We value diverse perspectives and fostering personal growth by challenging everyone to push beyond our comfort level and try something new.</p><br /><p>The result? We produce meaningful work</p><br /><p><br><strong>Getting Hired</strong><br>We hire people from a variety of backgrounds who are respectful, collaborative, and introspective. Members of the tech team, for example, come from diverse backgrounds having worked as copy editors, graphic designers, and photographers prior to joining Clevertech.</p><br /><p>Our hiring process focuses not only on your skills but also on your professional and personal ambitions. We want to get to know you. We put a lot of thought into the interview process in order to get a holistic understanding of you while being mindful of your time. You will solve problems derived from the work we do on a daily basis followed by thoughtful discussions around potential fit. Whatever the outcome, we want you to have a great candidate experience.</p><br /><p>---</p><br /><p>Want to learn more about Clevertech and the team?Check out <a href="https://www.clevertech.careers/" rel="nofollow">clevertech.careers</a></p><br /><p><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwOz-y4uuWk&amp;t=1s" rel="nofollow">Clevertech Culture Video</a></p>
