---
path: "/post-71071/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["sys admin","engineer","admin"]
title: "Site Reliability Engineer"
date: "2019-02-09T03:13:40-08:00"
summary: "Quimbee"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>Quimbee is growing! Were looking to add a new full-time member to our core team. <strong>This position is 100% remote (U.S. only)</strong>. All you need is an internet connection and a quiet place to work.<br></p><p><strong>Who We Are<br> </strong></p><p>Quimbee is one of the most widely used e-learning platforms for law students in the United States. Simply put, our mission is to help law students get A's in their law school courses.</p><p>Since 2007, Quimbee has helped over a hundred thousand law students prepare for classes and final exams. We provide law students with access to a comprehensive database of case summaries, video lessons, practice questions, a legal dictionary, and a growing library of content. We have become one of the most widely used and trusted sites for law students, serving both institutional clients, such as Yale University, American University, and University of Illinois, as well as thousands of individual law students.</p><p>We prefer a small and highly effective engineering team, so every new team member is vital to the success of the company.</p><p><strong>Who Were Looking For</strong></p><p>We are looking for our first site-reliability engineer (SRE). As our SRE, you must have <strong>strong experience with Ruby on Rails based applications</strong>. Ideally, you're an experienced Ruby on Rails developer with a passion for operations tasks. Your focus will be on improving our deployment practices, maintaining, troubleshooting, documenting, and improving the systems that keep our <strong>Heroku hosted system</strong> running securely and smoothly with the least downtime possible. Eventually, we might also consider alternative hosting platforms in the future, and we expect you to help with that too. There will be a lot of monitoring, alerting, and prioritizing what is worth our attention and what's not. You're expected to investigate and mitigate single points of failure, performance bottlenecks, slow SQL queries, errors, or any other identified issues trying to solve them yourself or with the help of the other developers in the team.</p><p>You'll have the opportunity to help us define and shape processes, tools, and best practices in the context of our platform. You'll work closely with our team of developers to determine the current state of our platform as well as defining the future of it. Strong candidates will bring strong engineering and operations acumen, combined with the ability to move fast (and fix things).</p><p>We're looking for collaborative, detail-oriented people who are ready for a challenge. In this role, you'll be responsible for working on the critical task of ensuring our backend systems are rock solid and scalable. </p><p><strong>Youll join a small, 100% remote tech team</strong>. Your voice will be heard when we need to make new technical decisions as our product grows. We expect you to go beyond coding to give input on the product roadmap, design, and architecture.</p><p>We look for:</p><ul> <li> <strong>A Ruby developer</strong>. You have deep  software engineering experience and are comfortable writing code in Ruby  as well as at least one other programming language.</li> <li> <strong>A DevOps advocate</strong>.  You believe in the benefits of immutable infrastructure and understand  what it takes to implement it from the operating-system level up to  datacenter deployments.</li> <li> <strong>A data-driven engineer</strong>. You know the difference between an MTTR and MTTD and have the skills necessary to optimize them.</li> <li> <strong>A great process and code debugger</strong>.  You feel comfortable leading robust and thorough root cause analysis  (RCA) sessions to attack problems at their core and ensure they dont  recur.</li> <li> <strong>A self-starter</strong>. You take responsibility for  projects from idea to completion, proactively seeking assistance as  needed while guiding the work to successful outcomes.</li> <li> <strong>A versatile engineer</strong>.  You know what you dont know and feel comfortable learning new skills.  Youre not ashamed of recognizing mistakes and take measures to avoid  falling again.</li> <li> <strong>A team player</strong>. You share code ownership as much as possible. You don't mind fixing other peoples code or stepping in to help a teammate.</li> <li> <strong>A minimalist</strong>.  You believe a new feature should be built only when the evidence  supports it. Youre willing to push back when you believe this rule is  being ignored or violated.</li> <li> <strong>A great communicator</strong>. You  communicate your ideas, feedback, and criticism thoroughly, clearly, and  courteously. You believe theres no such thing as over-explaining or  over-clarifying because thats how miscommunication is avoided.</li> </ul><ul><li> <strong>A business-minded engineer</strong>. You have a deep understanding of the importance of building maintainable, efficient, clean code while balancing that with the urgency of the business needs.</li></ul><p><strong>Task Examples</strong></p><p>Working with us, you could be asked to (solo or as part of a team):</p><ul> <li>Create  and maintain documentation about our platform and all the third-party  services it depends on, defining a plan of development for failover  mechanisms to improve our platform's resilience.</li> <li>Investigate  issues reported by our automated systems or our customer support or QA  teams, determine impact and root cause, then prioritize and document  them, and solve them yourself when possible or sync with our devs team  to solve it.</li> <li>Streamline our deployment process so that deployments are  as smooth as possible both for our users as well as for our teams,  considering the possibility of having to rollback.</li> <li>Educate  engineers throughout the company on how to ensure their projects meet  our reliability, performance, and security requirements.</li> <li>Reduce the server-side and front-end latency of our application to deliver a lightning-fast user experience.</li> <li>Optimize  our hosting bill by increasing throughput and resource efficiency,  while planning capacity for the next two years of growth.</li> <li>Determine  and configure a core set of metrics and alerts to make sure our apps  and servers are running smoothly and that we can react fast if something  bad happens.</li> <li>Develop and maintain performance and load tests.</li> <li>Possible on-call responsibilities.</li> </ul><br><p><strong>Benefits</strong></p><br><p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p><ul> <li>Join a small team who loves what they do.</li> <li>100% remote work for unlimited flexibility.</li> <li>A competitive salary.</li> <li>Untracked paid time off and sick leave.</li> <li>Healthcare coverage (including dental) for you and your family.</li> <li>401(k) with 3% company matching.</li> </ul>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71071">https://remoteok.io/l/71071</A>
