---
path: "/post-71329/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["account manager","technical support","onboarding"]
title: "Customers success & on boarding"
date: "2019-02-22T15:46:59-08:00"
summary: "Uscreen"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/jobs/109d9173f2153c1e296bae089263498e1550857619.png"]
---

We are growing! And we’re looking for an amazing individual to join our Customer Success team. We’re seeking a real champion for this position: a well-rounded person to help onboard our customers and help them succeed. This is a technical role but requires constant stellar communication, proactively offering setup support and assistance to our customers.Uscreen is an amazingly diverse, fast developing video monetization platform, and the person joining us will play a pivotal role in our growth. This is a fast-developing industry, and we’ll need our Customer Success champ to know every detail about our platform and how our customers can use it to maximize its value. Besides just owning all that sweet knowledge, you’ll need to be able to communicate it, and educate our customers with ease.Our team is incredibly smart, passionate, supportive, skilled, open to learning and constantly developing. We’re looking for someone who can match that energy. **About the role:**This is a customer facing role: you will be one of the first points of contact for our customers in order to help them set up their account. From basic setup and video uploads, to answering a variety of questions generally asked when first signing up, it’ll be your responsibility to provide our customers with solid answers and guidelines.Your main goal is to become the go-to person for all onboarding questions and to create a rapport with our customers, making them feel they can reach out at any time.We are looking for someone reliable and eager to work with us long-term. This is a full-time remote position, and is not suited for a digital nomad lifestyle. We require a steady internet connection and a mandatory overlap of working hours with the rest of the team. In this role, you will wear a few different hats, including:Proactively contacting new customers to help them get setup (by email & phone)Helping the tech support reps in the ticket queueAttending and (later) fully hosting webinars a few times per monthGiving in-depth analysis of customers websites and content to offer them tips and tricks to succeed (and don’t worry, we have our marketing team watching your back)**Requirements:**Must have:2+ years in Customer Support or similarExperience in SaaSA fully functioning workstation and a quiet place to work (with their own laptop)**Must be:**Able to overlap with our Washington, D.C. based team: from 9AM to 6PM EDTQuick to learn and able to understand our platform as well as the video and OTT industryAble to work independentlyNative or near-native English speaker (North American accent is a plus but not a requirement)Overall a nice person :) **Our ideal candidate will also have:**Experience working with Zendesk or similarGood communication skills, both written and verbal**Benefits:**Full-time (40 hours per week) remote job with contract. We want to make it clear that this is NOT a freelance / part-time position you can do in tandem with other professional endeavorsAmazing, young and motivated teamWork from anywhere (OK, almost anywhere…), as long as you have regular overlap with Eastern Time business hours and can schedule overlap with Pacific Time business hours when needed for customer calls.20 paid days off per year (eligible after the first 6 months with the company)Budget for personal development**About Uscreen:**Uscreen is the world’s leading video monetization platform. We help thousands of creators, entrepreneurs, fitness trainers, coaches, entertainment companies and various other experts launch their own video-on-demand streaming service and make money selling videos online.  Think of it as building your own "Netflix". We are a lean startup, but are fully independent, privately held and profitable.We are a SaaS company with an agile, but structured environment. Uscreen is a remote-first company, with our team members distributed across the world. However, we do have rules and guidelines set in place to make sure everyone is delivering their best work and maintains an overlap with the rest of the key members of the team.**How to apply:**Apply using the link belowWe review the applications and email candidates who qualify for the second roundThe qualified candidates will be asked to do a test task: usually a video of yourself answering a few questionsAfter we review the submissions, we will organize a Skype interview with the successful candidatesPlease note that due to the high volume of applications, we are only able to respond to successful candidates. **APPLY HERE:**   https://goo.gl/forms/zB6PxA73bC6gsjyB3 
