---
path: "/post-70999/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["web dev","senior","engineer"]
title: "Senior Web Engineer"
date: "2019-02-05T15:56:27-08:00"
summary: "Human Made"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>Human Made is looking for a Senior Web Engineer with WordPress experience to join its engineering team. This is a remote position but you should be based in Europe, the Middle East, or Africa (EMEA). </p><p>Engineers at Human Made work on enterprise-level projects for clients across the globe. Past and current clients include big media agencies, financial organisations, charities and not-for-profits, and other enterprise companies. You will be working on technically-complex client projects with a team of experienced Developers and Project Managers from around the world.</p><p>You should have a thorough knowledge of PHP and/or JavaScript, including experience of building custom solutions, understanding and incorporating security practices, and considering performance implications. You should also have knowledge of modern web technologies and best practices, including semantic HTML and modern CSS. All of Human Mades projects are based on WordPress so a good knowledge of WordPress is an advantage, or a demonstrable ability to expand your WordPress knowledge in your first six months in your role.   <br></p><p>You should be familiar with the tools required for development projects. This includes a good understanding of Git, conflict resolution, local development environments, PHP configuration, following coding standards and general computer maintenance and security. </p><p><br></p><p><strong>Who is Human Made?</strong><br></p><p>Human Made is a remote company: this means you will need to work both independently and as part of a remote team. You will have the opportunity to meet the rest of the company at our annual company meetup, and with members of the rest of your team at least once a year. We care about good communication and you should be able to prioritise your work and meet deadlines, discussing any problems with the team along the way. <br></p><br><p><strong>Benefits</strong></p><br><ul> <li>Flexible working</li> <li>52 weeks parental leave</li> <li>28 day minimum holiday policy</li> <li>Sickness and carers leave</li> <li>Annual company retreat</li> <li>Time to contribute to open source</li> <li>Conference and training budget</li> <li>Monthly remote working allowance</li> <li>Work wherever you want</li> <li>New computer and mobile phone every two years</li> <li>Office equipment when you need it</li> </ul>
