---
path: "/post-71196/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["full stack"]
title: "Full Stack Single Page Application"
date: "2019-02-14T21:58:39-08:00"
summary: "Redox"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>At Redox, Engineers solve the most complex and challenging issues in healthcare technology - empowering the world&rsquo;s scientists, engineers, and innovators to make healthcare data useful.</strong></p><br /><p>As a full stack Single Page Application (SPA) engineer at Redox, you will create SPAs to configure the operation of, report on data flow within, and troubleshoot on our network. You will work primarily within a service oriented ecosystem and our new front-end stack to create SPAs that:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Support the efficiency of our internal users when bringing dozens of new organizations onto our network.</li><br /><li>Facilitate rapid troubleshooting and technical operations at a scale of millions of transactions per day.</li><br /><li>Delight our customers with the ability to understand, configure, and report on more aspects of their use of our network.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong><em>This is a remote based opportunity. All employees are required to reside within the US due to PHI and contract agreements for accessing the PHI.</em></strong></p><br /><p>To be successful in this role, we expect that you will get to:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Collaborate with a multidisciplinary team to develop world class SPA applications.</li><br /><li>Work within a &micro;-service architecture.</li><br /><li>Collaborate in defining and developing to stringent Service Level Objectives.</li><br /><li>Ask for forgiveness, not permission.</li><br /><li>Continually improve in your craft as a developer.</li><br /></ul><br /><p>Your day to day will consist of:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Pairing with your teammates to make progress on projects or solve problems.</li><br /><li>Designing solutions to feature requirements prioritized by Product Management.</li><br /><li>Implementing solutions designed by you or by teammates through the entirety of the SDLC, including testing, deployment, and operationalization.</li><br /><li>Reviewing other developers code to ensure it is production ready.</li><br /><li>Troubleshooting production issues when they arise.</li><br /><li>Estimating features and projects on the product roadmap.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Required Skills and Experience:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>A solid background in software development, be that a computer science degree, or more practical experience.</li><br /><li>3+ years professional software development experience in one or more general purpose languages.</li><br /><li>Willingness working in all phases of the SDLC - from requirements, design, and development through testing, deployment, maintenance, and support.</li><br /><li>Full stack web development experience.</li><br /><li>Excellent written and oral communication skills, including pairing.</li><br /><li>Strong desire to expand your professional impact and autonomy.</li><br /><li>Give and receive feedback effectively.</li><br /><li>Operate effectively on a remote team.</li><br /><li>Healthcare IT</li><br /></ul><br /><p>It is not expected that any single candidate would have expertise across all of the areas outlined above. Please apply even if you are not sure you meet all these criteria. If you are interested in the role and think it could be a fit, we'd like to hear from you.</p>
