---
path: "/post-71283/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["sys admin","engineer","admin"]
title: "Site Reliability Engineer"
date: "2019-02-20T09:34:22-08:00"
summary: "Heetch"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Ride team @Heetch</strong></p><br /><p>The mission of the Ride team is quite simple:&nbsp;<strong>make passengers and drivers meet, and get where they need to be.</strong></p><br /><p><em>&ldquo;Transportation is serious business&rdquo;</em> <em>&mdash; Jason Statham as Frank Martin</em></p><br /><p>Our team is responsible for providing the best ride experience, by building both the smoothest ordering experience and the platform and algorithms responsible for real-time execution and online optimization of Heetch's marketplace across all our markets(matching, dynamic pricing, ETA, heatmaps). We have high standards and high expectations on our output, we ship fast, and we scale our work for all markets. To achieve this, we&rsquo;re all working together among Product, Mobile &amp; Backend Devs, Design, Data Analysts &amp; Scientists, and Ops team to successfully target structural next steps, deliver, track and iterate.</p><br /><p><strong><br>SRE within Ride</strong> <br>Our infrastructure handles 2.5 millions of events per day and processes 100M of API requests. We also serve over a dozen thousand rides and process hundreds of gigabytes of log and interaction data daily. Our team owns more than 50 microservices on top of Golang, Kafka and Docker.<br><br> To put it simply; Our impact on the business and the experience of both passengers and drivers is unprecedented. Every ride should be reliable, efficient, and affordable, and we're building the algorithms that make that possible by optimizing supply and demand.</p><br /><p><strong><br>How do we work ?</strong> <br><strong>Mindset</strong></p><br /><p>&bull; Move fast not furious.  <br>&bull; Don&rsquo;t be scared of failure, learn from it and try again. <br>&bull; Unit and functional tests are as important as code. <br>&bull; Code is always evolving we don't think in versions. <br>&bull; We&rsquo;re not just here to push code; product ownerships equally spread among the team.</p><br /><p><strong>Tech Stack</strong> <br>&bull; Microservices. <br>&bull; Docker with Mesos &amp; Marathon. <br>&bull; We ship new services on a weekly basis (at least we try to ). <br>&bull; Services owned by our teams are written in Go. <br>&bull; We follow community guidelines and standard methodologies. <br>&bull; Kafka.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>Team Life</strong> <br><strong>&bull; Work wherever you want</strong>: we&rsquo;ve always been remote first but also have a shiny new office in Paris, London, Milan, Bruxelles, and Casablanca. <br><strong>&bull; Open communication</strong>: everything is public within the team. <br><strong>&bull; You are not alone</strong>: we use Slack, and video calls every day. <br><strong>&bull; Continuous improvement</strong>: weekly team retrospective and strong Speak Up value. <br><br></p><br /><p><strong>Your role</strong> <br><br>In this role, you'll be in charge of building the tools and systems that every backend engineer in the Ride team uses to develop, scale, understand, and monitor their operations. <br><br>You will dive deep into gnarly operational issues; from the software, systems, automation, and process perspectives, and, you will work with our production services throughout their entire life cycle, from design and architecture, through implementation, deployment, and sustaining operations. <br><br><strong>What will you do?</strong> <br><br>&bull; Build tools and infrastructure to make the team iterate faster without overthinking about the core infrastructure. <br>&bull; Partner with fellow backend engineers to architect and develop mission-critical systems that can stand the test of scale and availability, while limiting operational overhead. <br>&bull; Perform deep dives into both systemic and latent reliability issues; partner with software and SRE engineers across the organization to produce and roll out fixes. <br>&bull; Design, build &amp; support systems to detect, alert and remediate or escalate on the team' platform. <br>&bull; Contribute to standardization efforts across multiple disciplines and services in conjunction with the Core SRE team. <br>&bull; Handle efficiencies in systems and processes: design, configuration management, performance tuning, monitoring, and root cause analysis. <br>&bull; Participate in an on-call rotation and contribute to needed escalation missions. <br><br><strong>What do you need?</strong> <br><br>&bull; Software Engineer background (+5 years). <br>&bull; Practical knowledge of various aspects of service design like messaging protocols &amp; behavior, caching strategies and software design practices. <br>&bull; Solid understanding of systems and application design, including the operational trade-offs of various designs. <br>&bull; Excellent programming skills in Go, and an ability to pick up new programming languages. <br>&bull; Excellent written and social communication, and documentation skills in English. <br>&bull; Be adaptable and able to focus on the most straightforward, most efficient &amp; reliable solutions. <br>&bull; Experience in the Linux environment and a deep understanding of its fundamentals and internals: filesystems and modern memory management, threads and processes, the user/kernel-space divide, networking. <br>&bull; Exposure to the AWS ecosystem. <br>&bull; Real world experience with Packer/Terraform. <br>&bull; Customer service skills and empathy to develop solutions that span multiple teams. <br>&bull; Work well with and be able to influence a myriad of personalities at all levels.<br><br> <strong>Bonus</strong> <br>&bull; Experience building highly-available fault-tolerant distributed systems with microservices, including containerized architectures, application security, monitoring, and storage systems. <br>&bull; Experience with message brokers (such as RabbitMQ or Kafka). <br><br><strong>Perks</strong> <br><br>&bull; Stocks. <br>&bull; Paid conference attendance/travel. <br>&bull; Heetch credits. <br>&bull; A Spotify subscription. <br>&bull; Code retreats and company retreats. <br>&bull; Travel budget (visit your remote co-workers and our offices).</p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71283">https://remoteok.io/l/71283</A>
