---
path: "/post-71186/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["scala","engineer"]
title: "Scala Engineer Windsor Resources"
date: "2019-02-05T13:50:01-08:00"
summary: "POWERINBOX -100% REMOTE"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>PowerInbox is looking for a Scala Engineer</strong></p><br /><p><strong>This position is&nbsp;100% remote.&nbsp;</strong></p><br /><p><strong>If you join us, what will you do?</strong></p><br /><p>Write, test, and maintain computer software that will double Power<strong>inbox</strong>&rsquo;s capacity to recommend ads each year for the next three years. Also to provide technical specifications and unit test cases for the software.&nbsp;</p><br /><p><em>Specific Goals</em></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Scale our ad recommender platform to double its&rsquo; capacity.</li><br /><li>Increase revenue per 1,000 items by $0.10 each quarter.</li><br /><li>Have unit tests to cover all code paths for all code written.</li><br /><li>Establish continuous integration by writing automatic deployment scripts.</li><br /><li>Maintain 99% uptime of the software when deployed into production.</li><br /><li>Write technical specifications for software being created.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>In order to be great at your job...</strong></p><br /><p><em>You Are</em></p><br /><p>A faster learner; have great analytical skills; relentless and persistence in accomplishing goals; enthusiastic with an infectious personality.&nbsp;</p><br /><p><em>You Work</em></p><br /><p>Efficiently; with flexibility; proactively; with attention to detail; to high standards.&nbsp;</p><br /><p><em>Together We</em></p><br /><p>Emphasize honesty and integrity; require teamwork; have open communication; follow-through on commitment; stay calm under pressure</p><br /><p><em>You Have</em></p><br /><p>Advanced Scala skills (at least 5 years of experience); computer science knowledge (education or actual work experience); Linux experience; relational database skills; no-SQL database experience; Hadoop skills; and experience with Kafka, Storm, or Kinesis.</p><br /><p><strong>This is extra, but if you have it, it will make us happy</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Experience in working remotely</li><br /><li>Knowledge of/interest in the digital and AdTech landscape</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>About PowerInbox</strong></p><br /><p><em>What We Are</em></p><br /><p>We at PowerInbox boost your revenue and brand engagement through real-time advertising, and native ad displays.</p>
