---
path: "/post-71519/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["exec"]
title: "CTO"
date: "2019-03-05T07:40:08-08:00"
summary: "Casablnca"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>We&rsquo;re gonna make you an offer you can&rsquo;t refuse ;)</p><br /><p>We used to work with Influencer Marketing at some of the leading brands in the world. In our work, we realized that the way that Influencer Marketing is done is insanely messy.</p><br /><p>Influencer profiles, collaborations and campaigns are handled in Excel sheets with 3000+ rows and it is hard to get a proper follow-up on results. The data is unstructured, there is no easy overview and keeping track of KPIs is a hard and highly time-consuming job.</p><br /><p>So, we built the platform we needed &ndash; Casablnca! The tool that would help us handling all the data and make us understand which collaborations are succeeding or failing.</p><br /><p>Still reading? Good, because now it&rsquo;s getting interesting for real ;) We are now looking for a CTO (aka Godfather of Tech) who wants to take care of the technical side of our product.</p><br /><p>What have we done during the past three months?</p><br /><ul><li>Built an MVP</li><li>Sold the MVP to four brands (IcanIwill, Loco Espandrillos, Safira and Stronger)</li><li>Onboarded our first customers in mid-february 2019</li><li>Been admitted to Sting &ndash; one of the leading incubators in the Nordics</li></ul><br /><p>What&rsquo;s our plan? (Short version)</p><br /><ul><li>Develop the best system for Influencer Marketing there is (long term)</li><li>Get customer feedback on our MVP and then work towards a version 1 in the Spring (short term)</li><li>Find the Godfather of Tech - that&rsquo;s where you come in ;)</li></ul><br /><p>What&rsquo;s your role?</p><br /><ul><li>Develop our platform, today developed in React, Java, Spring, JPI and SQL</li><li>Managing product roadmap with the team &ndash; which features should be implemented when?</li><li>Recruiting and leading developers</li></ul><br /><p>What do we believe in?</p><br /><ul><li>Straight forward communication</li><li>A start-up is a marathon, not a sprint</li><li>Working remotely</li><li>Time-management is a skill</li><li>A workspace with humor</li><li>Being yourself (cheesy af but oh so true)</li></ul><br /><p><strong>SKILLS &amp; REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><br /><p>Who are you?</p><br /><ul><li>You want to be a part of a fast-growing start-up</li><li>You want to work remotely</li><li>You have experience with Angular OR React</li><li>You have experience coding in Java</li><li>You have experience with SQL</li><li>You don&rsquo;t have a pet spider</li></ul><br /><p>Our offer in short:</p><br /><ul><li>Shares, salary AND a team that&rsquo;s expert in Influencer Marketing here to support you on product development on the tech side</li><li>Open, transparent lean growth culture that supports remote working</li><li>Possibility to lead the first smart influencer relationship management system that has 4 clients even before the release of V1</li></ul><br /><p>Sounds like an offer you can&rsquo;t refuse? Click &ldquo;I&rsquo;m interested&rdquo; below and let&rsquo;s talk ;)</p><br /><p><strong>ABOUT THE COMPANY</strong></p><br /><p>Casablnca is designed by professionals for professionals. It is the tool that makes you understand how your company will succeed within Influencer Marketing. Minimize the manual work load, get your data under control and make the right actions to increase your sales. Casablnca makes time for the&nbsp;<em>social</em>&nbsp;in Social Commerce.&nbsp;<strong>BOOM</strong>. You&rsquo;re welcome.</p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71519">https://remoteok.io/l/71519</A>
