---
path: "/post-71134/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","senior","engineer"]
title: "Senior Software Engineer"
date: "2019-02-12T14:45:38-08:00"
summary: "Xtiva Financial Systems"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>For over 20 years, Xtiva has been devoted to helping financial services firms and their customers achieve more. Backed by this extensive experience and the latest technology, we are building the next generation of software for wealth management, insurance and financial service companies.</p><p>We are looking for an experienced technology leader who is passionate about building products that work for customers.</p><p>You will join a fast-paced environment, working with cross-functional teams to design, build and roll-out products that are used by thousands of financial advisors and dozens of financial firms. Our roadmap is big and ambitious. You will help us solve some of the most interesting problems in the wealth management and insurance space. You will see the big picture and create architectural approaches for software design and implementation to guide the development team.<br></p><p>Our reactive platform is built with leading edge technologies including Cassandra, Kafka, Akka, ElasticSearch and Spark. You will lead the design of the platform including technology selection, architecture and coding standards. You will work closely with operations to improve continuous integration workflows and build a solid DevOps culture.</p><p>We are a semi-virtual organization, so you can work from anywhere, however you must be able to treat Toronto, Canada as your home base.</p><p>If you've spent time working on modern, complex technology products and think you can help build the next generation of sales performance management tools, we want to meet you. On any given day, you will:</p><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul> <li>Participate in the entire application lifecycle, focusing on coding and debugging</li> <li>Write clean code to develop functional web applications</li> <li>Troubleshoot and debug applications</li> <li>Perform tests to optimize performance</li> <li>Manage cutting-edge technologies to improve legacy applications</li> <li>Collaborate with Front-end developers to integrate user-facing elements with server side logic</li> <li>Gather and address technical and design requirements</li> <li>Provide training and support to internal teams</li> <li>Build reusable code and libraries for future use</li> <li>Liaise with developers, designers and system administrators to identify new features</li> <li>Provide technical guidance and coaching to other engineers</li> <li>Follow emerging technologies</li> </ul><br><p><strong>Benefits</strong></p><br><ul> <li>An opportunity to join and shape a rapidly growing company that is re-engineering how financial service firms think about and manage their performance.</li> <li>Colleagues who will help make you better. We are known in the market for delivering smart, effective solutions. That takes know how. Now we are reimagining financial services sales forces and it takes great people to do that. If you like smart, committed and amusing (sometimes even fun) colleagues, join us.</li> <li>An opportunity to work from your home (or favourite coffee shop) or our collaborative downtown office location.</li> <li>An employer-paid benefits plan covering a variety of medical, dental and extended health benefits.</li> <li>Flexible hours and liberal vacation. We prefer our staff to be fresh and inspired.</li> </ul><p><br></p><p>Due to the sensitive nature of the work and data we are entrusted with, a satisfactory credit and criminal background check is a condition of employment.</p>
