---
path: "/post-70955/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["engineer"]
title: "Enterprise Solutions Engineer"
date: "2019-02-04T14:36:11-08:00"
summary: "Scrapinghub"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>About the Job:</strong>&nbsp;</p><br /><p><a href="https://scrapinghub.com/crawlera" rel="nofollow">Crawlera</a>&nbsp;is a smart downloader designed specifically for web crawling and scraping, removing the headaches of proxy management. It is part of the Scrapinghub platform, the world&rsquo;s most comprehensive web crawling stack which powers crawls of over 8 billion pages per month.</p><br /><p>Crawlera is Scrapinghub&rsquo;s most popular product and it&rsquo;s biggest revenue generator, but it needs your help to get to the next level. Your key responsibilities will be to ensure that enterprise customers are able to achieve their business goals via Crawlera, and support the Sales team in achieving their quotas.</p><br /><p>You&rsquo;ll love this role if you enjoy working on a variety of different projects and finding the best solution - even if it&rsquo;s not a technical one. No two days will be exactly the same, and you&rsquo;ll be interacting regularly with the Sales team and directly with customers.</p><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Onboard new enterprise Crawlera customers</li><br /><li>Help the Sales team to</li><br /><ul><br /><li>Price contract agreements for new &amp; existing customers</li><br /><li>Proactively monitor Enterprise customers&rsquo; usage</li><br /></ul><br /><li>Respond to support escalations from enterprise customers</li><br /><li>Talk with enterprise customers to:</li><br /><ul><br /><li>Quickly understand both their objectives and their code</li><br /><li>Help them fix underlying issues in their code</li><br /><li>Tune &amp; configure Crawlera to best suit each customers&rsquo; specific situation</li><br /></ul><br /><li>Take proactive measures to measurably improve enterprise customers&rsquo; ability to successfully use Crawlera without your intervention. This will involve different things, but it will likely include:</li><br /><ul><br /><li>Improving client libraries, documentation, etc for Crawlera.</li><br /><li>Providing extended functionality via other products in the Scrapinghub platform, or popular open source frameworks.</li><br /><li>Liaise with other product teams within Scrapinghub to ensure Crawlera is well integrated in the ways that best serve enterprise customers.</li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><p><strong><strong>Job Requirements: &nbsp;</strong></strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Have excellent communication in both spoken and written English.</li><br /><li>Have a strong knowledge of HTTP and Networking.</li><br /><li>Are comfortable taking ownership in business critical situations; you enjoy being the &ldquo;go-to&rdquo; person.</li><br /><li>Take a logical, measurement-backed approach to prioritizing projects, and enjoy working with others that do the same.</li><br /><li>Are naturally dissatisfied with inefficiencies and having to do the same thing more than once; you see ways to fix the underlying cause rather than only reacting to what&rsquo;s in front of you.</li><br /></ul><br /><ul><br /><li>Have a broad general programming background; strong problem solver.</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Bonus points for:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Familiarity with techniques and tools for crawling, extracting and processing data, asynchronous communication and distributed systems.</li><br /><li>Previous customer facing experience.</li><br /></ul>
