---
path: "/post-71321/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["admin","senior"]
title: "Senior Systems Administrator"
date: "2019-02-21T15:37:08-08:00"
summary: "Wallethub"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Company details</strong></p><br /><p>WalletHub is one of the leading personal finance destinations in the US and rapidly growing. We&rsquo;re looking for a highly skilled and motivated Senior Systems Administrator for a full-time, permanent position.</p><br /><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><br /><p>You are the ideal candidate for this job if you have:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>At least 5 years of experience in supporting AWS based production infrastructure.</li><br /><li>Bachelor's or Master&rsquo;s degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.</li><br /><li>3+ years of experience administering UNIX/Linux server required or equivalent work experience.</li><br /><li>3+ years of experience with Apache, Tomcat and any other Java application servers and relational database servers like MySQL (LAMP experience is highly preferred).</li><br /><li>Experience with monitoring tools like Nagios, tripwire, aide etc and other custom monitoring tools.</li><br /><li>Experience with configuring and securing mission critical production servers.</li><br /><li>Experience with configuring load balancers and data.</li><br /><li>Experience in Shell Scripting or Perl, with experience implementing automation and monitoring using shell scripting.</li><br /><li>Experience in analysis and system performance tuning.</li><br /><li>Critical thinking skills in a complex IT environment to analyze, troubleshoot, and resolve problems without direction.</li><br /><li>Outstanding organizational skills and the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously while meeting deadlines.</li><br /><li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills.</li><br /><li>Willingness to work hard (50 hrs per week).</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Ensure proper security, monitoring, alerting and reporting for the infrastructure and be the on-call for production servers.</li><br /><li>Develop security monitoring and other tools to ensure the integrity and availability of our applications, server resources, reviewing system and application logs.</li><br /><li>Work with the incident team to diagnose and recover from hardware or software failures working with or as the Incident Commander to coordinate and communicate with our internal customers.</li><br /><li>Assist project teams with technical issues during development efforts.</li><br /><li>Gather system requirements and support several project teams in evolving, testing and rolling-out new products and services, then transitioning the site or product to post launch operations activities throughout life of the product or service.</li><br /><li>Work with the application development team and other systems engineers to make improvements to current infrastructure.</li><br /><li>Document processes and procedures and follow a formal change management procedure.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Our Offer</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Very competitive salary based on prior experience and qualifications</li><br /><li>Potential for stock options after the first year</li><br /><li>Raise and advancement opportunities based on periodic evaluations</li><br /><li>Health benefits (in case you will be working from our office in Washington DC)</li><br /><li>Visa sponsorship</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Note</strong>: This position requires candidates to be living in the US. The position can be performed remotely if you don't live in the Washington DC area.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>More about WalletHub</strong></p><br /><p>WalletHub is a high-growth fintech company based in Washington, DC that is looking for talented, hard-working individuals to help us reshape personal finance. More specifically, we are harnessing the power of data analytics and artificial intelligence to build the brain of a smart financial advisor, whose services we&rsquo;re offering to everyone for free. The WalletHub brain enables users to make better financial decisions in a fraction of the time with three unique features:</p><br /><p>1) Customized Credit-Improvement Tips: WalletHub identifies improvement opportunities and guides you through the necessary corrections.</p><br /><p>2) Personalized Money-Saving Advice: WalletHub&rsquo;s savings brain constantly scours the market for load-lightening opportunities, bringing you only the best deals.</p><br /><p>3) Wallet Surveillance: Personal finance isn&rsquo;t as scary with 24/7 credit monitoring providing backup, notifying you of important credit-report changes.</p><br /><p>In addition to the valuable intelligence the brain provides, WalletHub is the first and only service to offer free credit scores and full credit reports that are updated on a daily basis absent of user interaction, rather than weekly or monthly and only when a user logs in. Some other services hang their hats on free credit scores and reports, yet they&rsquo;re still inferior to what WalletHub considers minor pieces to a much larger puzzle.</p><br /><p><br /><p><strong>How to Apply</strong></p><br /><p>To get our attention, all you need to do is send us a resume. If we believe that you will be a good match, we'll contact you to arrange the next steps. You can apply directly on Stackoverflow or email your application to jobs.dev@wallethub.com</p>
