---
path: "/post-71491/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["python","dev","digital nomad"]
title: "Python Developer"
date: "2019-03-04T13:27:10-08:00"
summary: "Clevertech"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>What you&rsquo;ll do:</strong></p><br /><br /><ul><li><span>Collaborate in every stage of a product's lifecycle; from planning to delivery</span></li><li><span>Create clean, modern, testable, well-documented code</span></li><li><span>Agile process with CI/CD environment to develop scalable web applications </span></li><li><span>Communicate daily with clients to understand and deliver technical requirements</span></li></ul><br /><p><br><br></p><br /><p><strong>What is Required:</strong></p><br /><br /><ul><li><span>5+ years professional experience in a senior developer role with Python</span></li><ul><li><span>Preferred: &nbsp;critical software development in large enterprises</span></li></ul><br /><li><span>Experience with Python/Django or Flask</span></li><li><span>Database tuning skills &ndash; You&rsquo;ve adjusted data models for speed and performance</span></li><li><span>Superior communication skills in in English </span></li><li><span>Coding standards to include unit, integration and acceptance testing</span></li></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Our Benefits</strong><span><br></span><span>We know that people do their best work when they&rsquo;re taken care of. So we make sure to offer great benefits.</span><span><br><br></span></p><br /><ul><li><span>Competitive Vacation Package</span></li><li><span>Annual Financial Allowance for YOUR development</span></li><li><span>Flexible Family Leave</span></li><li><span>Clevertech Gives Back Program</span></li><li><span>Clevertech U (Leadership Program, Habit Building, New Skills Training)</span></li><li><span>Clevertech Swag </span></li><li><span>Strong Clevertech Community</span></li></ul><br /><p><br><br></p><br /><p><strong>How We Work</strong><span><br></span><span>Why do people join Clevertech? To make an impact. To grow themselves. To be surrounded by developers who they can learn from. We are truly excited to be creating waves in an industry under transformation.</span><span><br></span><span><br></span><span>True innovation comes from an exchange of knowledge across all of our teams. To put people on the path for success, we nurture a culture built on trust, collaboration, and personal growth. You will work in small feature-based cross-functional teams and be empowered to take ownership.</span><span><br></span><span><br></span><span>We make a point of constantly evolving our experience and skills. We value diverse perspectives and fostering personal growth by challenging everyone to push beyond our comfort level and try something new.</span><span><br></span><span><br></span><span>The result? We produce meaningful work</span></p><br /><p><span><br></span><strong>Getting Hired</strong><span><br></span><span>We hire people from a variety of backgrounds who are respectful, collaborative, and introspective. Members of the tech team, for example, come from diverse backgrounds having worked as copy editors, graphic designers, and photographers prior to joining Clevertech.</span><span><br></span><span><br></span><span>Our hiring process focuses not only on your skills but also on your professional and personal ambitions. We want to get to know you. We put a lot of thought into the interview process in order to get a holistic understanding of you while being mindful of your time. You will solve problems derived from the work we do on a daily basis followed by thoughtful discussions around potential fit. Whatever the outcome, we want you to have a great candidate experience.</span></p><br /><br /><p><span>Craving more info? We&rsquo;ve created a blog specifically about our </span><a href="https://www.clevertech.biz/thoughts/interviewing-with-clevertech" rel="nofollow"><span>Interview Process</span></a><span> for the sake of transparency - we want to set you up to be as successful as possible when interviewing for a role with the ever-expanding Clevertech family!</span></p><br /><br /><p><span>---</span></p><br /><p><br><br></p><br /><p><span>Want to learn more about Clevertech and the team? Check out</span><a href="http://clevertech.careers/" rel="nofollow"> <span>clevertech.careers</span></a><span> and our video highlighting </span><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5daft3oGjM&amp;feature=youtu.be" rel="nofollow"><span>Clevertech's Culture</span></a><span>.</span></p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71491">https://remoteok.io/l/71491</A>
