---
path: "/post-71009/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["full stack","dev","api"]
title: "Full Stack API Developer"
date: "2019-02-05T23:24:15-08:00"
summary: "Redox"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><span>At Redox, Engineers solve the most complex and challenging issues that slow the adoption of technology in healthcare and prevent the world&rsquo;s scientists, engineers, and innovators from making healthcare data useful.</span><span><br></span><span><br></span><span><strong>As a full stack API engineer at Redox,</strong> you will develop ingress and egress solutions to bring our customers&rsquo; clients onto the Redox network. Additionally, you will be a part of a team that develops a RESTful API on our platform that enables customers to build and scale solutions to some of the toughest problems in healthcare today.</span><span><br></span><span><br></span><strong>To be successful in this role, we expect that you will get to:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li><span>Become familiar with third party APIs and data exchange mechanisms and industry standards for information exchange such as FHIR, DICOM, X12, and CDA.</span></li><br /><li><span>Collaborate with other engineering groups and product management to develop a scalable, RESTful API defined by Redox.</span></li><br /><li><span>Collaborate in defining and developing to stringent Service Level Objectives.</span></li><br /><li><span>Ask for forgiveness, not permission.</span></li><br /><li><span>Continually improve in your craft as a developer.</span></li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><p><br><strong>Your day to day will consist of:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li><span>Pairing with your teammates to make progress on projects or solve problems.</span></li><br /><li><span>Designing solutions to feature requirements prioritized by Product Management.</span></li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li><span>Implementing solutions designed by you or by teammates through the entirety of the SDLC, including testing, deployment, and operationalization.</span></li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li><span>Reviewing other developers code to ensure it is production ready.</span></li><br /><li><span>Troubleshooting production issues when they arise.</span></li><br /><li><span>Estimating features and projects on the product roadmap.</span></li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><p><br><strong>Preferred Experience</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li><span>A solid background in software development, be that a computer science degree, or more practical experience.</span></li><br /><li><span>2+ years professional software development experience in one or more general purpose languages.</span></li><br /><li><span>Willingness working in all phases of the SDLC - from requirements, design, and development through testing, deployment, maintenance, and support.</span></li><br /><li><span>Excellent written and oral communication skills, including pairing.</span></li><br /><li><span>Strong desire to expand your professional impact and autonomy.</span></li><br /><li><span>Give and receive feedback effectively.</span></li><br /><li><span>Operate effectively on a remote team.</span></li><br /><li><span>Integrating 3rd party APIs.</span></li><br /><li><span>Healthcare IT.</span></li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><p><span><br></span><em><span>It is not expected that any single candidate would have expertise across all of the areas outlined above. Please apply even if you are not sure you meet all these criteria. If you are interested in the role and think it could be a fit, we'd like to hear from you.</span></em></p>
