---
path: "/post-71451/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["stats","engineer"]
title: "Analytics BE Engineer### Position Description Toptal We Measure Everything"
date: "2019-03-01T16:53:48-08:00"
summary: "Toptal"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>At Toptal, we measure everything and always rely on data to guide all of our initiatives, including both our long-term strategy and our day-to-day operations.</p><br /><p><span>As a BackEnd Engineer, your main goal is to be one step ahead of data engineers, data scientists, and analysts, and support them by providing infrastructure and tools they can use to deliver end-to-end solutions to business problems that can be developed rapidly and maintained easily. We need innovation, creativity, and solutions that will have significant impact on our velocity. We, in turn, will give you autonomy and freedom to turn your ideas into reality.</span></p><br /><p><span>This is a remote position that can be done from anywhere.</span></p><br /><br /><p><span><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></span></p><br /><p><span>You will build a scalable, highly performant infrastructure for delivering clear business insights from a variety of raw data sources. You will develop batch &amp; real-time analytical solutions, prototypes, and proofs of concept for selected solutions. You will implement complex analytical projects with a focus on collecting, managing, analyzing, and visualizing data. You will build tools and visualizations that will help operations to drive the business and react to possible issues in timely manner. You will also be in constant communication with team members and other relevant parties and convey results efficiently and clearly.</span></p><br /><br /><p><strong>In the first week you will:</strong></p><br /><p><span>* Onboard and integrate into Toptal.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Rapidly begin learning about Toptal&rsquo;s history, culture, and vision.</span></p><br /><br /><p><strong>In the first month you will:</strong></p><br /><p><span>* Understand our team structure and workflow.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Complete necessary trainings.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Deliver your first tickets.</span></p><br /><br /><p><strong>In the first three months you will:</strong></p><br /><p><span>* Get to know your team.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Understand our analytics architecture.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Start working on one or more projects.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Begin helping with estimations related to the projects with which you&rsquo;re involved.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Begin collaborating with other departments.</span></p><br /><br /><p><strong>In the first six months you will:</strong></p><br /><p><span>* Be completely familiar with the workflow and the team.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Begin to be part of on-call rotation.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Be fully integrated and a participant member of all workflow including, planning sessions, reviews, and retrospectives.</span></p><br /><br /><p><strong>In the first year you will:</strong></p><br /><p><span>* Be on top off most of analytics initiatives and projects.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Participate in the hiring process of possible new team members.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Act as a representative of the team through an initiative, being responsible for talking with stakeholders, creating tickets, and coordinating expectations.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Propose technical and non-technical solutions and improvements.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Establish a relationship with product department and other stakeholders.</span></p><br /><br /><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><br /><p><span>* Experience working with Scala. </span></p><br /><p><span>* Experience working with Python is a plus.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Familiarity with Google Cloud Platform (e.g. GCS and BigQuery) is a plus.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Experience working with Dimensional Modeling.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Familiarity with the basic principles of distributed computing and data modeling.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Be excited about collaborating daily with your team and other groups while working via a distributed model.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Be eager to help your teammates, share your knowledge with them, and learn from them.</span></p><br /><p><span>* Be open to receiving constructive feedback.</span></p><br /><p><span>* You must be a world-class individual contributor to thrive at Toptal. You will not be here just to tell other people what to do.</span></p>
