---
path: "/post-71135/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","cloud","engineer"]
title: "Cloud Developer Experience Engineer"
date: "2019-02-12T13:48:40-08:00"
summary: "Platform.sh"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Mission</strong></p><br /><p>Join our team as a Cloud Developer Experience Engineer and improve the lives of thousands of developers using our product. Have you ever attempted to use a piece of software only to become frustrated because of missing documentation, bad examples, unintuitive UX/DX? This is your chance to help Platform.sh make sure that no developer ever has that experience with our software.</p><br /><p>You&rsquo;ll be on a small autonomous team that focuses entirely on making developers passionate about our product. You&rsquo;ll be exposed to a wide variety of software running on multiple stacks, and will get to tinker with all the new shiny things that come along. You&rsquo;ll then translate your learnings into templates, learning and training materials, workshops, and conference talks to make sure that the largest number of developers benefit from your wisdom. You&rsquo;ll help us make Platform.sh better by gathering feedback and best-practices from our users, for whom you will be a fierce advocate.</p><br /><p>You&rsquo;ll work remotely.</p><br /><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Critically evaluate the developer experience of Platform.sh tools and products, with a focus on Java developers and workflows</li><br /><li>Maintain project starting templates in various stacks and languages</li><br /><li>Publish how-to articles and tutorials</li><br /><li>Prepare and give product demos, online and at conferences (estimated traveling on this position is less than 20% of working time)</li><br /><li>Run training workshops, online and at conferences</li><br /><li>General problem solving and technical tinkering</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>3+ years experience working as a Software Engineer</li><br /><li>Must have:</li><br /><ul><br /><li>Expertise in writing and deploying Java web applications - specifically you have some experience with J2EE on Tomcat and WildFly, plus Spring Boot knowledge</li><br /></ul><br /><li>Great to have:</li><br /><ul><br /><li>Familiarity with the main web scripting languages: Ruby, Golang, Node.js, Python or PHP (yeah, we just called Golang a scripting language, the world won&rsquo;t end)</li><br /></ul><br /><li>Nice to have:</li><br /><ul><br /><li>Experience with other JVM languages very appreciated, especially Scala and Clojure</li><br /><li>Erlang / Elixir chops</li><br /><li>A secret crush on Rust (we don&rsquo;t do any Rust, but some of us would really love to do everything in Rust)</li><br /></ul><br /><li>You should have a good level of networking and system knowledge. Specifically you have at least a good basic understanding of containers and you have an excellent understanding of &nbsp;HTTP (please don&rsquo;t submit your CV if you can&rsquo;t tell a 301 from a 404, and we do expect you to at least know about TLS).</li><br /><li>Excellent knowledge of Git: you rebase like a god and you do not lose consciousness when you hear &ldquo;bisect&rdquo;.</li><br /><li>You should have a good grasp of relational databases (Postgres / MySQL), caches (Redis), Search-Engines (Elastic Search, but if you &ldquo;only" have some Solr chops, we won&rsquo;t complain), Message Queues (any really, but we provide RabbitMQ and Kafka) and how they fit into an architecture.</li><br /><li>You should have a good understanding of deployment workflows and some of the DevOps tooling (stuff like Puppet and Chef, anything from Hashicorp).</li><br /><li>Published technical articles or presentations.</li><br /><li>Experience giving presentations or trainings, eg. at conferences.</li><br /></ul>
