---
path: "/post-70957/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["front end","full stack","engineer"]
title: "Full-Stack Engineer"
date: "2019-02-04T17:26:54-08:00"
summary: "Prominent Edge "
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/jobs/d48403ef2185c7cdf9e736d73308d35f.png"]
---

We are looking for multiple talented developers to join our team at Prominent Edge.  We are looking for junior, mid, and senior engineers. We are a small company of 20 developers and designers who put themselves in the shoes of our customers and make sure we deliver strong solutions.  Our projects and the needs of our customers vary greatly; therefore, we always choose the technology stack and approach that best suits the particular problem and the goals of our customers.  As a result, we want developers who do high-quality work and are up for learning and applying new technologies when appropriate.  We want developers who have an in-depth knowledge of at least one modern web technology stack.  Candidates need to be full stack developers even if they have a strong preference for either frontend or backend.  We understand that for our team to perform at its best, everyone needs to work on tasks that they enjoy.  Most of our projects have been web applications which tend to be open source and have a geospatial aspect to them.  All our work is remote and we use Slack and Google Hangout throughout the day and like to have fun.  See our website at http://prominentedge.com for more information and apply through http://prominentedge.com/careers.htmlRequired Skills: Proficient in **at least one** technology in each bullet point* Client-side technologies: Angular/AngularJS, or ReactJS/React Native* Server-side frameworks: NodeJS/Express, Flask, Django, Rails, or Spring* Databases: Postgres/PostGIS, SQLite, MySQL, ElasticSearch, MongoDB, or Redis * Operating systems: Linux or OSXBonus Skills: Nice-to-haves* Virtualization: Docker, VirtualBox, or VMWare* Amazon Web Services: S3, EC2, RDS, Lambda, API Gateway, or Dynamo* DevOps/CI: Kubernetes, Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Jenkins, or Travis* 3D experience such as Unity or CesiumJS W2 BenefitsNot only you get to join our team of awesome playful ninjas, we also have great benefits:* Six weeks paid time off per year.* Six percent 401k matching, vested immediately.* Free PPO healthcare for entire family.* We pay you for every hour you work.  Need something extra? Give yourself a raise by doing more hours when you can.* Want to take time off without using vacation time? Shuffle your hours around in any pay period.* Want a new Macbook Pro laptop? We'll get you one.  If you like your Macbook Pro, we’ll buy you the new version whenever you want.* Want some training or to travel to a conference that is relevant to your job? We offer that too!* Work from the comfort of your home!** We'll consider qualified 1099 candidates as well. 
