---
path: "/post-71405/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["devops","engineer","devops"]
title: "DevOps Engineer"
date: "2019-02-27T16:16:18-08:00"
summary: "Formstack"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><span><strong>Formstack, the most flexible and powerful form building application, is looking for a DevOps Engineer to add to the team.</strong></span></p><br /><br /><p><br /><br>Formstack is a 13-year-old company with its roots in Indianapolis. Our customers span 110 different countries, and our employees live and work across the U.S. and the globe. We provide a work environment that is flexible and provides great freedom for those who can perform. We are seeking people who demonstrate an ability to work effectively with individuals from diverse cultures and backgrounds.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p><br /><br /><p>You'll be in charge of driving scalability, performance, and availability of our application. You'll look into day to day operational issues of our LAMP stack at AWS. You'll implement and automate security controls around our infrastructure. You'll work with our engineering team to ensure the software that we build can scale. We currently process around 30 million requests per day. You will participate in our on-call rotation.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p><br /><br /><p>You love to solve problems. Scaling, reliability, automation, and performance are things you care about deeply. You have a good mixture of planning, risk taking and a GSD type of attitude. You are a great communicator in and out of your department and most of all you love what you do.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>How You'll Succeed:&nbsp;</strong></p><br /><br /><ul><br /><li>Keep aware of and be ready to help out with site issues and other system-level questions&nbsp;</li><br /><li>Maintain and support various tools for the Dev team&nbsp;</li><br /><li>Implement and automate security controls around our infrastructure</li><br /><li>Design, update, and maintain systems on which the&nbsp;Formstack app platform runs using (for example) Ansible and Terraform&nbsp;</li><br /><li>Maintain strong understanding of networking and systems architecture&nbsp;</li><br /><li>Develop and maintain strong understanding of Formstack platform&nbsp;</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>What We're Looking For:&nbsp;</strong></p><br /><br /><ul><br /><li>3-5 years experience as a system administrator or DBA.</li><br /><li>Strong Experience with AWS (EC2, RDS, EBS, S3)</li><br /><li>Strong experience scaling the LAMP stack in the cloud</li><br /><li>Strong experience with large MySQL databases (100GB+)</li><br /><li>Automation: CHEF, Puppet, Ansible, or other configuration management software</li><br /><li>Must be able to work remote and with coworkers in multiple timezones</li><br /><li>A love for pierogi</li><br /><li>Must be able to travel ~10% for company-required meet-ups and conferences</li><br /><li>Excellent oral and written English communication skills&nbsp;</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Bonus Points:</strong></p><br /><br /><ul><br /><li>Experience with Ansible</li><br /><li>Experience with Elasticsearch</li><br /><li>Experience with Jenkins</li><br /><li>Language experience with PHP or Python</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>What Formstack Offers:</strong></p><br /><br /><ul><br /><li>100% covered Medical Insurance, as well as company-paid Dental, Vision, Disability and Life Insurance</li><br /><li>Benefits for full-time employees</li><br /><li>Unlimited PTO for all employees</li><br /><li>401k with matching company contribution for full-time employees</li><br /><li>The most up-to-date technology, including company-issued Macs, the latest software and other tools needed to excel at your job</li><br /><li>Company-paid conferences and extended learning</li><br /><li>Yearly company gatherings</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Want to learn more about who we are and what we value?</strong> <a href="https://vimeo.com/vinnieman/review/232384627/7ab72f17ea" rel="nofollow">Check out this video</a> and apply if you want to jump into the next great chapter of your life.</p><p><em>Formstack is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce.</em></p><p>All data collected in our application process from resume collection to application questions is used for recruitment purposes only. We will store it in our applicant tracking system, JazzHR, and will not share this data with anyone else. We will keep your data until the role is filled and only continue to store it if we feel you may fit future roles.</p><p>Thank you for your interest in Formstack!</p>
