---
path: "/post-71218/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["ios","senior","engineer"]
title: "Senior IOS Engineer"
date: "2019-02-15T16:51:37-08:00"
summary: "Homer"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Homer</strong> is looking for a collaborative and results driven <strong>Senior iOS Engineer</strong> to join our energetic, growing team. <strong>This is a virtual role, working East Coast hours.</strong> You will have a profound impact on a company that touches the lives of children, parents, and teachers across the globe with one of the most celebrated reading and learn-to-read platforms in the industry. We are looking to create world class digital learning experience available. Your work will help build a beautiful, personalized experience to meet every child's specific needs as they learn to read, love to read, and read to learn. Overall success in this position means you have helped the children using our products find the lessons, stories, and other content that best fit their age and interests.</p><br /><p>Homer is a venture-backed, high-growth business that offers competitive compensation including equity and full benefits in a creative, flexible environment that invests in professional development.</p><br /><p>As Senior Engineer in our growing iOS team, <strong>you will be responsible for improving and maintaining several iOS apps and contribute materially in the backend infrastructure that supports them.</strong> You are a maker at heart and have experience in and temperament for mentoring others on your team and across engineering. You will focus on elegant and effective technical solutions that enable Homer&rsquo;s vision described above. As you grow, you will participate in growing our technology platform to support the needs of rapidly growing user-base. <strong>Above all</strong>, you care about delivering quality software in a sustainable and timely manner. </p><br /><p><strong>You will:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Make direct technical contributions (writing, debugging, reviewing and deploying code) using Objective-C, Swift, Javascript, Python and other languages as necessary</li><br /><li>Provide technical guidance and feedback to your team members on a team distributed in several time-zones, especially in agile techniques like TDD and retrospectives</li><br /><li>Collaborate effectively with your stakeholders (product managers, UX designers, engineers, data scientists and others) to define and refine requirements</li><br /><li>Lead technical design of applications and participate in larger system design efforts.</li><br /><li>Help with hiring and developing members of the team.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>You must have:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Demonstrable expertise designing and building iOS apps and other systems using Objective-C, Swift, JavaScript and Python</li><br /><li>Sound Computer Science fundamentals (Bachelor&rsquo;s degree in CS or related fields preferred)</li><br /><li>Strong interpersonal and communication skills</li><br /><li>At least 5 years of relevant work experience (or Undergraduate degree in Computer Science and 3 years of relevant work experience)</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>We are also looking for:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Knowledge of full stack engineering especially how scalable frontend and backend systems interoperate</li><br /><li>Knowledge of machine learning, statistics, and data visualization</li><br /><li>Knowledge of deployment technologies in cloud hosted environments like AWS</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>We like people who are:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Results oriented, hands-on and passionate about our industry (education) and our consumers (children, parents and educators)</li><br /><li>Collaborative, and thrive in startup environments</li><br /><li>Able and willing to learn new technologies and styles</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>What you&rsquo;ll get:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>HOMER offers competitive compensation including equity and full benefits</li><br /><li>Smart, passionate, and engaged co-workers</li><br /><li>Excellent top-tier Medical/Dental/Vision benefits</li><br /><li>A chance to have a big impact</li><br /><li>A chance to bring a love of reading and learning to children globally</li><br /></ul><br /><p>HOMER is an equal opportunity employer and enthusiastically encourages people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences to apply. HOMER does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, age, mental or physical disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by law.</p>
