---
path: "/post-71406/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","digital nomad"]
title: "Automation Developer"
date: "2019-02-27T16:13:10-08:00"
summary: "Formstack"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><span><strong>Formstack, the most flexible and powerful form building application, is looking for an Automation Developer to add to the team.</strong></span></p><br /><br /><p>Formstack is a 13-year-old company with its roots in Indianapolis. Our customers span 110 different countries, and our employees live and work across the U.S. and the globe. We provide a work environment that is flexible and provides great freedom for those who can perform. We are seeking people who demonstrate an ability to work effectively with individuals from diverse cultures and backgrounds.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p><br /><br /><p>We need an energetic data nerd - someone who will get excited about helping us fine tune our giant data pipelines. You'll be working with a bunch of brand new tech and will have a really free hand to shape how our testing systems and dev tools work, so we're looking for a candidate who's excited about tech and wants to make an impact. The ideal candidate is a developer who loves focusing on testing and automation, and someone who is familiar with node.js and REST APIs/networking. Ideally, someone who has built testing frameworks for data processing platforms before.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>What You Will Do:</strong></p><br /><br /><p>We're looking for someone who can help us build and improve testing infrastructure for our complicated distributed systems. You'll be responsible for developing tools, building testing frameworks, and sometimes crafting the integration/unit tests themselves, along with helping the larger organization do better testing.&nbsp;</p><br /><br /><p><strong>How You'll Succeed:</strong></p><br /><br /><ul><li>Become a product expert (know our software inside and out)</li><li>Build new testing systems (harnesses, tools, docs, and processes)</li><li>Improve existing test tooling</li><li>Setup test monitoring and dashboarding</li><li>Write integration tests</li><li>Building new testing systems (ex. integration test harness for microservices, new CLI tools)</li><li>Improving existing testing tooling (CLI testing tools, integration tests, test reporting, dashboarding)</li><li>Building dashboarding/alerting for testing results</li><li>Writing integration tests</li><li>Helping other engineers with testing best practices</li></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Big Bonus Points (HIGHLY desired skills):&nbsp;</strong></p><br /><br /><ul><li>Saas experience or experience in high-growth organization</li><li>Node.js fluency, or node.js competency and fluency in some comparable language</li><li>REST API/networking experience</li><li>Experience testing data pipelines and microservices</li></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>What Formstack Offers:</strong></p><br /><br /><ul><li>100% covered Medical Insurance, as well as company-paid Dental, Vision, Disability and Life Insurance Benefits for full-time employees.</li><li>Unlimited PTO for all employees</li><li>401k with matching company contribution for full-time employees</li><li>The most up-to-date technology, including company-issued Macs, the latest software and other tools needed to excel at your job</li><li>Company-paid conferences and extended learning</li><li>Yearly company gatherings</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Want to learn more about who we are and what we value?</strong> <a href="https://vimeo.com/vinnieman/review/232384627/7ab72f17ea" rel="nofollow">Check out this video</a> and apply if you want to jump into the next great chapter of your life.</p><p><em>Formstack is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce.</em></p><p>All data collected in our application process from resume collection to application questions is used for recruitment purposes only. We will store it in our applicant tracking system, JazzHR, and will not share this data with anyone else. We will keep your data until the role is filled and only continue to store it if we feel you may fit future roles.</p><p>Thank you for your interest in Formstack!</p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71406">https://remoteok.io/l/71406</A>
