---
path: "/post-71149/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","engineer","digital nomad"]
title: "Software Engineer"
date: "2019-02-13T12:40:07-08:00"
summary: "Learning Without Tears"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>We live our passion of helping children learn and grow. Innovation and collaboration fuel us every day. We believe that if you are not moving forward, you are moving backward. If you embrace change and resist the status quo, we have a place for you.&nbsp;</strong></p><br /><p>Our tech team is growing and Learning Without Tears is continuing to expand our digital products! While we don&rsquo;t currently have a job opportunity, we want to engage top talent and be ready to add excellent Software Engineers to the team.</p><br /><p>If you are interested in starting a conversation for future opportunities, we&rsquo;d love to hear from you!</p><br /><p>Check us out: <a href="http://www.lwtears.com" rel="nofollow">www.lwtears.com</a> and preview the Software Engineer description below.</p><br /><p><strong>The Software Engineer is responsible for the implementation of customer facing technical solutions that align with Learning Without Tears (LWT) objectives.&nbsp;</strong></p><br /><p><strong>What you'll be doing!</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Design, develop, test and maintain internal and client facing digital products.</li><br /><li>Collaborate with back-end and full stack developers to enhance the user experience.</li><br /><li>Work closely with UX and visual designers to develop creative solutions that take into account the technical, organizational, schedule, and business requirements.</li><br /><li>Collaborate with support engineers and customer experience teams to understand customers' needs.</li><br /><li>Work closely with the product owner and business analysts to understand use cases and user needs.</li><br /><li>Develop responsive products which render in multiple browsers and across multiple devices.&nbsp;</li><br /><li>Develop performant, reusable and clean code.</li><br /><li>Produce technical documentation and testing artifacts.</li><br /><li>Troubleshoot general application and code issues.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>What you'll bring with you!</strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><br /><ul><br /><li>BS or BA in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field.</li><br /><li>4+ years of experience in core front-end technologies, preferably in a commercial environment.</li><br /><li>Development experience in an EdTech environment preferred.</li><br /><li>Expert in React or Vue.js front-end frameworks. Possible consideration with Angular 2.0+ experience.&nbsp;</li><br /><li>Experience with HTML5 and SASS/SCSS/CSS.</li><br /><li>Experience with mobile development preferred.</li><br /><li>Experience working in an agile development environment; Agile, Scrum or Kanban preferred.</li><br /><li>Experience with server-side JavaScript (ES6) development.</li><br /><li>Experience working in a Continuous Integration (CI) environment; Travis, Bamboo or Jenkins preferred.</li><br /><li>Knowledge of both relational and NoSQL database technologies.</li><br /><li>Experience troubleshooting cross-browser compatibility issues.</li><br /><li>Experience using version control systems; Git preferred.</li><br /></ul><br /><ul><br /><li>Strong verbal and written communication skills.</li><br /><li>Good organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple projects at once while completing quality work on a timely basis.</li><br /><li>Ability to work both independently (with direction) and with a team.</li><br /><li>Strong interpersonal skills in dealing with coworkers.</li><br /><li>Strong problem solving capabilities with a focus on customer service.</li><br /><li>Ability to excel in a rapidly changing environment.</li><br /><li>Ability to sit for long periods of time; ability to access, input, and retrieve information from the computer.</li><br /><li>Ability to work a flexible schedule including nights and weekends.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Benefits &amp; Fun:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Competitive Benefits including medical, prescription, dental, vision, short &amp; long-term disability, life insurance, flexible spending, standing desks, and more!</li><br /><li>Employee events including Company Picnic, Health &amp; Wellness Fair, Turkey Fry, Yankee Swap, Pizza &amp; Happy Hour Friday's, Milestone and Birthday Celebrations!</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Learning Without Tears is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer</strong></p>
