---
path: "/post-70951/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: []
title: "Scraping Best Practices Investigator"
date: "2019-02-04T13:17:03-08:00"
summary: "Scrapinghub"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>About the Job:</strong></p><br /><br /><p>Your key objective will be to advance Scrapinghub&rsquo;s knowledge of web technologies and web scraping best practices.</p><br /><p>This is not a production role. Instead, you&rsquo;ll be given the time and resources to iteratively, and with scientific rigor, test hypotheses and produce a research-backed knowledge base for other developers at Scrapinghub.</p><br /><p>Despite not working on specific customer projects, your work will help fuel growth across all of Scrapinghub&rsquo;s Data business (Professional Services &amp; Data on Demand). Your measures of success will be your ability to iterate quickly and produce assets that are useful to other Shubbers.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>Create and execute well designed experiments (repeatable, multiple treatments, testable variables, controls, replication) to learn more about how to best complete web scraping projects</li><br /><li>Produce well written, indexed, reports of your findings (similar to publishing to an academic journal, though not nearly as lengthy)</li><br /><li>Propose new experiments to run</li><br /><li>Work with the Team Lead to prioritize the backlog of experiments</li><br /><li>Maintain best practice guides for other Shubbers who will be implementing client solutions based on your findings</li><br /><li>Propose changes to Scrapinghub&rsquo;s other products (Crawlera, Scrapy Cloud, etc) or Scrapy itself based on your findings</li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>Excellent communication in written English.</li><br /><li>A strong understanding of the Scientific Method and the ability to continuously implement a process that follows it with rigor.</li><br /><li>Take a logical, measurement-backed approach to prioritizing projects, and enjoy working with others that do the same.</li><br /><li>Familiarity with techniques and tools for crawling, extracting and processing data, asynchronous communication and distributed systems.</li><br /><li>A strong knowledge of Python along with a broad general programming background; strong problem solver.</li><br /><li>Enjoy working across several teams and communicating with your end customer (other Shubbers)</li><br /></ul><br /></ul>
