---
path: "/post-70966/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["javascript","node js","engineer"]
title: "Backend Node.js Typescript Engineer"
date: "2019-02-04T12:23:44-08:00"
summary: "Yumpingo"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>Yumpingo is a platform that delivers business-changing insights to restaurants based on real-time reviews from diners, collected through our devices at the end of the meal. Last year over a million people completed our 1-minute review, enabling restaurants across the UK and US (such as Wagamama, TGI Fridays and Bill&rsquo;s) to transform the quality of their food and service. This year, many more people will interact with our apps as we broaden out our product offering to restaurants and diners.</p><br /><p><strong>About you</strong></p><br /><p>Your challenge is to develop the platform to support a fast-growing business that has an opportunity to transform the eating out sector globally.</p><br /><p>You&rsquo;ll join a small cross-functional team including other experienced engineers, a PM and a designer, and will be responsible for delivering on the product strategy, bringing a series of significant new products to market throughout 2019 that will be used by millions of people.</p><br /><p>You must be comfortable working in an environment that is fast-paced at times, and will be expected to think on your feet to find creative solutions to engineering challenges that are globally scalable. You&rsquo;ll contribute throughout product lifecycle (from ideation, to new features, testing, deployment), be responsible for your own code, and will deliver production deployments throughout the week.</p><br /><p>You must be technically astute and able to articulate ideas clearly and precisely. Your team members will be smart, hard working, have have a good sense of humour and will challenge you intellectually.</p><br /><p>Our stack is purely cloud-based (AWS and some Google). We have a combination of containerised and serverless architecture, deployed as microservices. We use continuous deployment processes.</p><br /><p><strong>Skills and requirements</strong></p><br /><p>You must have at least 3-4 years experience with Node.js/Typescript, MySQL and Github.</p><br /><p>We need to know that you can build back end solutions that will scale and that you&rsquo;re thorough with your testing.</p><br /><p>If you&rsquo;ve worked with AWS products it would be a bonus, but it&rsquo;s not a deal breaker.</p><br /><p><strong>Skills list:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Node.js - TypeScript (nest framework)</li><br /><li>OOP</li><br /><li>TDD</li><br /><li>MySQL at scale</li><br /><li>Git</li><br /><li>Docker</li><br /></ul><br /><p>Bonus skills</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Experience with POS system integration</li><br /><li>AWS experience</li><br /></ul><br /><p>You already must hold an EU passport or visa, and be located inside the EU.</p><br /><p><strong>Benefits</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Competitive salary</li><br /><li>Remote working</li><br /><li>25 days annual leave</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>The recruitment process</strong></p><br /><p>After you submit your CV, we&rsquo;ll send you a few short screening questions by email. The next step is an initial video interview. The final stage is to come and meet the team in the office if possible.</p><br /><p><strong>Apply</strong></p><br /><p>Please&nbsp;apply via Stack Overflow. For you application to be considered, you should include:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>a few words about why you'd like to work with us</li><br /><li>your CV</li><br /><li>your GitHub handle</li><br /><li>some links to products you&rsquo;ve worked on in the past</li><br /></ul><br /><p>If you have any questions at all, just send us an email to careers@yumpingo.com and we&rsquo;ll happily have a chat with you.</p><br /><p>We don&rsquo;t work with 3rd party recruiters so please don&rsquo;t get in touch if that&rsquo;s you.</p>
