---
path: "/post-71257/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["senior","engineer"]
title: "100% Senior Core Engineer"
date: "2019-02-19T14:31:05-08:00"
summary: "Filevine"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>We are looking for exceptional developers that are more capable than most.&nbsp; Our codebase is very well maintained and organized and our system is high performance.&nbsp; We only want team members that can learn, understand and continue that tradition.&nbsp; This is not a run of the mill cube job for an army of cube drones.&nbsp; We&nbsp;are looking for highly skilled outlier individuals that are enthusiastic about dev.&nbsp;&nbsp;Enthusiastic is not a euphemism for long hours or anything.&nbsp; We work a normal schedule and love the work that we do.&nbsp; We don't a number of years of experience in the requirements because number of years is a poor indicator of ability, but this is a position for experienced people wioth deep technical understanding that want to work with others like you.</p><br /><p>This position is responsible for building the main products of Filevine.&nbsp; The products that we build are the core of the business.&nbsp; We are constantly striving to make the products more intuitive, easier to learn and use, higher performance and solve the actual problems that the users&nbsp;need.</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Strong developer, with demonstrated proficiency measured by technical interview and trial period.</li><br /><li>Deep understanding of technical stack and concerns, familiarity with cloud infrastructure and database systems.</li><br /><li>Ability to work remotely and independently and to collaborate with non-technical&nbsp;people</li><br /><li>WIllingness to learn and understand our users&rsquo; challenges and how your work will affect our end users.</li><br /><li>Ability to take direction from management and to educate stakeholders as needed.</li><br /><li>Work with a team that builds new innovations and major new features within our existing product.</li><br /><li>Coordinate with team management and quality assurance personnel on releases of new features.</li><br /><li>100% remote work within United States.</li><br /></ul><br /><p>Our technical stack is C#, .NET, SQL Server, redis, ElasticSearch, AWS, javascript, AngularJS, HTML,CSS.&nbsp; Everyone will use all of these a bit but we have frontend&nbsp;devs that will finalize&nbsp;browser side UI stuff.</p>
