---
path: "/post-71272/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["front end","senior","engineer"]
title: "Senior Front End Engineer"
date: "2019-02-19T19:26:39-08:00"
summary: "Dataquest"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>At&nbsp;<a href="https://dataquest.io/" rel="nofollow">Dataquest</a>, we teach data science to a community of hundreds of thousands of students worldwide. We help students deeply learn concepts, build projects, work together, and gain the confidence they need to start new careers. Read more about our philosophy&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dataquest.io/blog/the-perfect-data-science-learning-tool/" rel="nofollow">here</a>, and read what students think&nbsp;<a href="https://www.switchup.org/bootcamps/dataquest" rel="nofollow">here</a>.</p><br /><p>We want to eventually help tens of millions of students worldwide change their lives through data science education, and you&rsquo;ll play a key role in helping us get there. We're looking for a Senior Frontend Engineer to help support and evolve our learning platform.</p><br /><p><strong>Who Should Apply?</strong></p><br /><p>We&rsquo;re seeking a senior frontend engineer who enjoys working on various frontend applications, building new features, and maintaining and enhancing our existing code. You&rsquo;ll be responsible for driving progress and quality in our frontend codebase, so vision and strategy are key.</p><br /><p>You must be passionate about learning, and enjoy developing new features without regressions and in a rapid iteration cycle. We&rsquo;re seeking someone with senior level experience who enjoys mentoring other engineers. You&rsquo;ll have a lot of autonomy in how you work and will be responsible for setting frontend development guidelines and best practices organization-wide.</p><br /><p><strong>How You&rsquo;ll Contribute:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Lead the development and improvement of frontend features.</li><br /><li>Help create an improved frontend architecture.</li><br /><li>Set frontend development guidelines and code quality standards.</li><br /><li>Mentor junior engineers.</li><br /><li>Collaborate with the engineering team to develop a resilient and scalable frontend platform.</li><br /><li>Decide when to incur and when to pay down technical debt.</li><br /><li>Identify and fix frontend bugs.</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><br /><p><strong>Must Have:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>5 + years of web development experience.</li><br /><li>Strong verbal and written communications skills -- with an emphasis on clarity, empathy, and kindness.</li><br /><li>Agile experience.</li><br /><li>Experience measuring the effectiveness of the features you work on.</li><br /><li>Experience leading architectural discussions and creating milestones.</li><br /><li>Experience mentoring other engineers.</li><br /><li>Experience maintaining a frontend build process.</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Nice To Have:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Passion for education and/or education technology.</li><br /><li>Passion for or interest in data science.</li><br /><li>2 + years of Python and Django experience.</li><br /><li>You&rsquo;re interested in and seek new technology that can improve your work.</li><br /><li>Experience working remotely.</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Our Stack</strong></p><br /><p>These are some of the technologies you'll be working with at Dataquest, though you may end up introducing new ones:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Our frontend is a React using Redux, GraphQL, and WebSockets.</li><br /><li>The backend is Django on Python 3.</li><br /><li>We use Docker extensively, both for student code execution and for deployment of our services.</li><br /><li>We use Kubernetes on Google Cloud to orchestrate our containers in production.</li><br /><li>Our data is largely stored in Postgres, with some caching in Redis.</li><br /><li>We use Git for source control, CircleCI testing, and deployment, and Prometheus with Grafana for monitoring and alerting.</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p>Why You Should Work at Dataquest:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Flexible Paid Time Off.</li><br /><li>Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance and 401K (available to US team members).</li><br /><li>The opportunity to see your impact on the lives of our students every day.</li><br /><li>The chance to work with an engaged and mission-driven team.</li><br /><li>The chance to contribute to product direction and decisions.</li><br /><li>The ability to work remotely.</li><br /><li>A supportive environment where you can get help when you run into blockers.</li><br /></ul>
