---
path: "/post-71294/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["engineer"]
title: "Principal Engineer"
date: "2019-02-20T16:21:04-08:00"
summary: "Auth0"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>Auth0, a global leader in Identity-as-a-Service (IDaaS), provides thousands of enterprise customers with a Universal Identity Platform for their web, mobile, IoT, and internal applications. Its extensible platform seamlessly authenticates and secures more than 1.5B logins per month, making it loved by developers and trusted by global enterprises. Auth0 has raised more than $110 million to date and continues its global growth at a rapid pace. We are consistently recognized as a great place to work based our outstanding leadership and dedication to company culture, and are looking for the best people to join our incredible team spread across more than 35 countries! We value ownership and innovation, and we build our teams with that in mind. We want each team to be responsible and accountable for what they ship but we don't want to reinvent the wheel. Our philosophy to achieve this is relying on excellent tooling and automation over policies and processes, creating a&nbsp;<a href="https://medium.com/@ricomariani/the-pit-of-success-cfefc6cb64c8" rel="nofollow">pit of success</a>&nbsp;that naturally gets teams to align in terms of practices and technologies. That is the Auth0 Platform (internal PaaS): a set of internal tools and services that development teams use to make their life easier when shipping their features. As we continue to grow, we are creating new teams that own more specific parts of Auth0. To encourage and simplify operational ownership, we will be splitting our existing services into smaller, more decoupled ones that separate teams will own. At the same time, we want to allow new teams that are forming to quickly be able to go from development to production in a reliable way and following recommended practices. Teams should be able to set up core pieces like observability, reliable deployment mechanisms, secure communication channels, database access and capacity planning with minimal overhead required from their side.</p><br /><p><strong>You will:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>Define and share the vision for a cloud Platform that is scalable, reliable and secure.</li><br /><li>Collaborate with Product Managers and Engineering teams to build Auth0's internal PaaS in order to enable other development teams to build on Auth0's vision of "conquering the world one login box a time."</li><br /><li>Spend time working with internal customers to understand their needs and sell them on the Auth0 platform</li><br /><li>Implement features across different teams using technologies such as AWS, GCP, Azure,&nbsp;<a href="http://node.js/" rel="nofollow">node.js</a>, MongoDB, Postgres, Kubernetes.</li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>You might be good for this role if you:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>Have experience building PaaS and IaaS platforms that are running in production (either Public or Private).</li><br /><li>Have walked the road of evolving monolithic systems into a service oriented architecture.</li><br /><li>Design and architect large scale distributed systems.</li><br /><li>Constantly strive to hit the right balance between simplicity and flexibility.</li><br /><li>Have a great ability to collaborate with multiple teams and get consensus on a vision.</li><br /><li>Have great empathy for customer's needs and continuously iterate on your understanding of a problem space based on their feedback.</li><br /><li>Are passionate about building reliable, secure, scalable services collaborating with multiple teams.</li><br /><li>Have 10+ years of software development experience</li><br /><li>Have 3+ years of experience working on cloud applications</li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Preferred Locations:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>GMT-Americas</li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><p>You can learn more about our hiring process&nbsp;<a href="https://auth0.com/blog/how-we-hire-engineers/" rel="nofollow">here</a>. Auth0 is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Auth0 conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era special disabled and other covered veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Auth0 participates in E-Verify and will confirm work authorization for candidates residing in the United States. <a href="https://jobs.lever.co/auth0/577e4a81-c5bf-438c-ac86-766a597f30bc/apply" rel="nofollow">APPLY FOR THIS JOB</a></p>
