---
path: "/post-71248/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["devops","engineer","devops"]
title: "DevOps Engineer"
date: "2019-02-18T14:18:37-08:00"
summary: "UNOPS"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Duty Station:&nbsp; Home-based&nbsp;</strong></p><br /><p><strong>Application deadline: 19th&nbsp;of February 2019&nbsp;</strong></p><br /><br /><p><strong><u>Background Information - Job-specific&nbsp;</u><br></strong></p><br /><p>Within the framework of the Centre and HDX&rsquo;s Objectives and Key Results, the consultant will be responsible for the following:</p><br /><ol><br /><li>Taking account of the existing HDX environment, help deploy a new AWS based system collaborate with existing DevOps team to integrate with the existing HDX stack as necessary.</li><br /><li>Configure the AWS systems in a way that is both highly secure but also efficient in terms of resources used.</li><br /><li>Train the existing Dev/Ops team in the configuring of AWS.</li><br /><li>Present work to technical and non-technical audiences.</li><br /><li>Participate in team meetings as required.</li><br /></ol><br /><p>Deliverables:</p><br /><ol><br /><li>Test infrastructure for fast upload and automatic detection of sensitive data.</li><br /><li>Designs for a secure infrastructure where partners can work to de-risk data before it is shared with anyone.</li><br /><li>Training &amp; documentation to ensure skills transfer to existing team so they can safely and securely deploy and control infrastructure.</li><br /><li>Informing the wider HDX team about the range of Amazon services available and advising on their purpose and usage where needed.</li><br /></ol><br /><p><strong>Education:</strong></p><br /><p>MSc. in mathematics, physics, engineering, computer science, or related discipline. A first-level university degree in combination with additional two years of experience may be accepted in lieu of the advanced university degree.</p><br /><p><strong>Work Experience:</strong></p><br /><p>Five years DevOps experience with minimum of 2 years using Amazon Web Services.</p><br /><p><strong>Language:</strong></p><br /><p>Fluency in English is required (both oral and written). Knowledge of another UN official language is an advantage.&nbsp;</p><br /><p><strong>Contract type, level and duration:&nbsp;</strong></p><br /><p>Contract type: International ICA<br>Contract level: IICA-2/LICA-10/ICSC-10<br>Contract duration:&nbsp;3 months (with possible extension)<br>Contract Modality: Retainer ( daily basis)&nbsp;</p>
