---
path: "/post-70962/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["product manager","exec"]
title: "Technical Product Manager"
date: "2019-02-04T18:19:22-08:00"
summary: "Citrusbyte"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Company Overview</strong></p><br /><p>Founded in 2007, Citrusbyte is a technology consulting company with a focus on&nbsp;<strong>how we do the work</strong>&nbsp;as a means to&nbsp;<strong>achieve great results</strong>.</p><br /><p>Our customers, F1000's and startups alike,&nbsp;come to us because they need to change how something is done in order to succeed and they're looking for a solution that&nbsp;isn&rsquo;t just about technology &mdash; but also people, process and leadership. We consult, form a diverse team of experts, and deliver strategy and execution under one roof.&nbsp;</p><br /><p>Our Services range from new product development, pure R&amp;D, legacy modernization, pricing strategy development, revenue generation, process optimization, to organizational&nbsp;transformation and&nbsp;cultural design.</p><br /><p><strong>Working at Citrusbyte</strong></p><br /><p>At Citrusbyte, we believe that creating an environment where great people can flourish is the best strategy for our business and and the best way to solve our clients problems and deliver the greatest value.&nbsp;</p><br /><p>Our focus on culture is supported by our shared vision to build a company where we want to work for the long-term. We avoid egos and embrace distributed leadership. We grow from constantly being challenged and seek to understand when presented with ideas we don't understand. We respect each other, default to trust and treat each other like adults and we also&nbsp;hold each other accountable for commitments. There is a lot about our culture that makes us great and we're continually looking to improve it. Read what we've published about&nbsp;<a href="https://medium.com/@willjessup" rel="nofollow">our culture</a>.&nbsp;</p><br /><p><strong>Job Summary</strong></p><br /><p>We&rsquo;re looking for an experienced product manager to join the team at Citrusbyte. It is expected that you have lived the full product lifecycle, having brought multiple products to market.</p><br /><p>In this role, you will lead a team of &nbsp;10-14 engineers operating in small squads of 2-3 engineers and work directly with a research and design team and customer technical leads to build complex custom software applications.</p><br /><p><strong>Responsibilities and Duties</strong></p><br /><p>As a product manager supporting the technical development of a product, you are responsible for communicating the overall product guidance, vision, and prioritization, planning, and stakeholder communication. As the voice of the product, you will help the engineers organize incremental releases that achieve the product&rsquo;s short-term goals and align with the product&rsquo;s long-term vision. &nbsp;You&rsquo;ve got to be a quick study and become a domain expert in the areas required for your products: You need to know the business opportunities, competitors, customer pain points and technical details about each product. The Product Manager is also a guide. Clients and engineerings will look to you to chart out the approach that will deliver business-driven results within a committed time and budget.</p><br /><p>You will work closely with our designers who actually do the design &amp; wireframing but you should be able to roll up your sleeves to create and make changes to wireframes yourself.</p><br /><ul><br /><li><strong>Strategy</strong>: Collecting research, running project kickoffs, and defining business goals&nbsp;</li><br /><li><strong>Consulting</strong>: Guiding client stakeholders and program management teams through the right steps to build &nbsp;a world-class product that meets the product&rsquo;s business goals</li><br /><li><strong>Design</strong>: Coordinate directly with UX/UI designers and engineering leads to ensure technical feasibility of proposed designs and refine user stories for engineers to execute the build</li><br /><li><strong>Engineering</strong>: Overseeing the delivery of each project milestone by managing/collaborating with the project team</li><br /></ul><br /><p>We are looking for smart, driven &amp; talented people who want to work in a consultative environment, help our clients have great projects and also contribute to the growth of a great company. Tell us more about you!</p>
