---
path: "/post-71227/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","engineer","digital nomad"]
title: "Developer Experience Engineer"
date: "2019-02-15T19:07:03-08:00"
summary: "Auth0"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

Auth0, a global leader in Identity-as-a-Service (IDaaS), provides thousands of enterprise customers with a Universal Identity Platform for their web, mobile, IoT, and internal applications. Its extensible platform seamlessly authenticates and secures more than 1.5B logins per month, making it loved by developers and trusted by global enterprises. Auth0 has raised more than $110 million to date and continues its global growth at a rapid pace. We are consistently recognized as a great place to work based our outstanding leadership and dedication to company culture, and are looking for the best people to join our incredible team spread across more than 35 countries!<br /><br />Auth0 is looking for&nbsp;<strong>Developer Experience Engineer</strong>&nbsp;across the following technologies:<br /><br />&bull; Java (Struts, Spring, Play, or similar)<br />&bull; JavaScript (React, Angular), TypeScript<br /><br /><strong>Developer Experience Engineer</strong><br /><br />You GET developers! You know what they need, how to talk to them, how to make their lives easier, what makes them click, their dissatisfiers and their delighters. You recognize when a framework, library or product provides a great experience. As a Developer Experience Engineer, you will use those superpowers to improve our entire onboarding process, SDKs, Quickstarts, Docs, and provide direct assistance to developers in our support channels. You will be the internal and external steward of the experience for the technologies that you love working with every day.<br /><br />Each Developer Experience Engineer shepherds one or multiple platforms forward, both internally within Auth0, and externally in the community.<br /><br />You will be working in a cross-functional team alongside the developer evangelist, onboarding, growth, dashboard, community, and SDK teams to provide the best developer experience for the technologies you own.<br /><br />The most important qualifications for this position are software engineering expertise, empathy, and self-direction.<br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>You will be </strong></p><br /><ul><ul><li>Writing, curating, editing developer resources: tutorials, examples, guides, and documentation.</li><li>Owning the code samples and implementation guidance for Auth0.</li><li>Championing Auth0 by engaging directly with the community.</li><li>Gathering and channel user feedback within the company to improve the experience for developers on Auth0.</li><li>The go-to-expert in the company, internally and externally, providing domain knowledge and reviews for Auth0 in these technologies.</li><li>Directly shaping and enhancing our open source SDKs.</li><li>Sharing your technical expertise at conferences and other tech events.</li></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>You'd be a great fit if you had </strong></p><br /><ul><ul><li>A deep understanding of writing, running, maintaining and debugging applications in one or more of the technologies listed above.</li><li>The ability to communicate effectively in person and in writing as a presenter, documenter.</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills: presenting, documenting, troubleshooting.</li><li>Demonstrable experience authoring developer documentation (tutorials, blog posts, docs).</li><li>The ability to be self-directed and be effective working independently, yet feel equally comfortable contributing in a global team environment.</li></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>Bonus points if you have </strong></p><br /><ul><ul><li>Experience working in distributed teams and work environments.</li><li>Created open-source material or have contributed to open-source projects.</li><li>Your own technical blog.</li><li>Knowledge in the identity and access management space.</li></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br />Auth0 is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Auth0 conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era special disabled and other covered veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Auth0 participates in E-Verify and will confirm work authorization for candidates residing in the United States.

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71227">https://remoteok.io/l/71227</A>
