---
path: "/post-71306/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["devops","senior","engineer"]
title: "Senior DevOps Engineer"
date: "2019-02-21T01:06:23-08:00"
summary: "Action Verb"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>Have you built and managed large cloud server deployments that have seen real production usage? Are you an expert at automation tools like Chef, Consul, Terraform, and Kubernetes? Does having an amazing logging system like Splunk or ELK really get you excited? If so, we&rsquo;d like you to learn about Action Verb.</p><br /><p>We&rsquo;re looking to hire more engineers to fill roles on our Infrastructure team, which is responsible for keeping our network of 100 cloud servers across 8 AWS regions and their associated services running like a well-oiled machine.</p><br /><p>You&rsquo;ll be working with our existing deployments of Chef, Ansible, Consul, Terraform, ELK, Grafana, Statsd, Asterisk, MySQL, Redis, Memcached, Zeromq, Puma, Jenkins, and many other exciting open source systems. But you&rsquo;ll also be free to deploy anything else if it gets the job done!</p><br /><p><strong>Day-to-Day:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Develop, operate, and troubleshoot the systems that keep our company running.</li><br /><li>Build, maintain and extend our automation.</li><br /><li>Pioneer, evaluate, and deploy new technologies for the entire engineering organization.</li><br /><li>Be part of an on-call rotation with other members of the Infrastructure Team.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Required Experience:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Experience managing large cloud server deployments that have seen real production usage.</li><br /><li>Experience building distributed, failure-resistant architecture, including disaster recovery, backups, failover, etc.</li><br /><li>Experience with the advanced features of public cloud platforms such as AWS or Azure (we use AWS).</li><br /><li>Significant experience working with GNU/Linux servers, including a complete understanding of the command line, /proc, services, etc.</li><br /><li>Comprehensive understanding of networking concepts, including layers, firewalls, DNS, VPN, etc.</li><br /><li>Proficiency with configuration management tools, such as Chef or Puppet, and fluency with at least one major scripting language.</li><br /><li>Familiarity with large scale monitoring and analysis systems, such as ELK or Splunk (we use ELK).</li><br /><li>Complete understanding of how to build secure infrastructure and an awareness of common server security vulnerabilities.</li><br /><li>History managing a large database at scale (we use MySQL).</li><br /></ul>
