---
path: "/post-70928/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","exec","digital nomad"]
title: "Software Implementation Project Manager"
date: "2019-02-02T14:55:54-08:00"
summary: "Fexa"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Overview:</strong><br>Fexa is looking for a Software Implementation Project Manager to join our remote team as we continue to expand our already growing customer base. This position&rsquo;s primary responsibility is to manage the post-sales onboarding process for new customers effectively.</p><br /><p>Additionally, the Software Implementation Project Manager will manage the day-to-day onboarding and customization activities while acting as a liaison between the client and the development team. Strong time management, organization, and communication skills are critical for success in this role.</p><br /><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Facilitate the relationship between client and internal teams.</li><br /><li>Become an &ldquo;expert user&rdquo; of our platform.</li><br /><li>Utilize various communication and project management tools to conduct meetings, document and discuss project expectations, task assignments and timelines.</li><br /><li>Maintain a reasonable balance between customer deliverables and internal development workloads.</li><br /><li>Track progress of upgrades and customizations for existing customers.</li><br /><li>Train customers in their use of our platform by leading training sessions and presentations.</li><br /><li>Develop forms, training aides and best practices to help streamline onboarding and customizations.</li><br /><li>Provide (mostly non-technical) support to our new and existing customers on a daily basis.</li><br /><li>Watch for and keep track of repeat issues that may require the development of a permanent solution.</li><br /><li>Provide pre-sales support to ensure customer&rsquo;s key requirements are documented during the proposal process.</li><br /><li>Collect customer requirements from both written and verbally expressed requests.</li><br /><li>Occasional travel to tradeshows and customer sites for training and/or implementation.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Experience and Skills Desired:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Excellent communication and presentation skills.</li><br /><li>Excellent organization, documentation and time management skills.</li><br /><li>Critical thinking and creative problem-solving skills.</li><br /><li>Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously.</li><br /><li>Experience in communicating technical ideas to non-technical audiences.</li><br /><li>Ability to learn new tools and software quickly.</li><br /><li>Positive, self-starter attitude.</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Benefits:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Health Insurance</li><br /><li>Dental Plan</li><br /><li>Vision Plan</li><br /><li>401k Retirement Plan</li><br /><li>Remote working office</li><br /><li>2 weeks of PTO</li><br /><li>MacBook Pro</li><br /><li>Awesome colleagues</li><br /></ul>
