---
path: "/post-71551/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["full stack","senior","engineer"]
title: "Senior Full Stack Engineer Reviewsnap Recruiterbox Mindflash"
date: "2019-03-06T16:45:04-08:00"
summary: "Trakstar"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>The Trakstar Engineering team is looking for a Senior Engineer to join our team of creative, dedicated, full-stack engineers. Join us as we tackle big challenges, refine our products, and have some fun along the way! With a variety of projects, technologies, and individual skillsets, our team excels at shipping quality software and at celebrating our successes!</p><br /><br /><p>Our company is part of the Applied family, which also includes Reviewsnap, Recruiterbox, and Mindflash. Together, our mission is to deliver the people management platforms that empower the growing companies of tomorrow through tools that help find, train, and motivate great employees. Why? Because we believe people are happier and healthier when they know their work matters. Our applications are used today by hundreds of thousands of people and 3,000+ organizations all around the world. We are a fast-growing company, and are constantly striving to deliver more value to our customers.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Implement new features across the landscape of our primary product, using React, Ruby on Rails, and Chef</li><li>Improve, upgrade, and maintain existing workflows in our application</li><li>Engage in both product-related and technical discussions as we work to understand and solve problems</li><li>Continuously evaluate and incorporate new ideas and technologies</li><li>Participate in code reviews from other engineers, considering robustness, edge cases, and usability</li><li>Release production-ready code with high visibility, ensuring a reliable experience for our existing user base</li><li>Consider ways to delight our customers as we release new features, big and small</li></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Strong computer science fundamentals</li><li>Proficiency in both front end UI/UX development and back end system development</li><li>4+ years of professional software development experience</li><li>2+ years&nbsp; working on a medium/large production web application</li><li>2+ years working with modern MVC web frameworks: Ruby on Rails, Django, or Phoenix</li><li>Experience with standard web technologies (HTML, HTTP, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, REST)</li><li>Great communication and collaboration skills</li></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Nice-to-Haves</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Experience with AWS: EC2, RDS, S3, and more</li><li>Experience with front-end JavaScript frameworks - React or Backbone.js</li><li>Formal software education in modern web application development and design</li><li>Published code on Github or another code collaboration tool</li><li>Ability to build unit test coverage for new features</li><li>Ability to write feature tests with Capybara/Selenium</li></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Technologies - Our Stack</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Ruby on Rails</li><li>PostgreSQL</li><li>AWS (EC2, RDS, S3)</li><li>Chef &amp; Serverspec</li><li>JavaScript: React &amp; Backbone.js</li><li>Sass, CSS, Webpack</li><li>RSpec, Capybara, &amp; Jest</li></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Location</strong></p><br /><p>The Trakstar team is based out of scenic Seattle, WA.</p><br /><ul><li>Remote work considered</li><li>Relocation not available</li><li>Visa sponsorship not available</li></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Benefits</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Competitive salary</li><li>Stock options</li><li>Medical, dental, vision</li><li>401k matching</li><li>Unlimited PTO policy</li></ul>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71551">https://remoteok.io/l/71551</A>
