---
path: "/post-71317/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["engineer"]
title: "Solutions Engineer"
date: "2019-02-21T11:49:42-08:00"
summary: "Motiion"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>Motiion is a technology and data company for the food industry. We believe in transparency, diversity, merit and fostering a culture of accountability, personal impact and career growth.</p><br /><p>As a member of the first solutions engineering team at Motiion you have will have unique opportunity to work with external clients and the development team at Motiion. &nbsp;Your primary goal will be to understand the pain points of our clients and explore opportunities for how to solve them with Motiion technology. &nbsp;In this role you will truly be working cross-functionally - engaging with product, engineering, business development and marketing.</p><br /><p>We have no particular requirements to seniority for this role, but you have worked as a technical solutions engineer or been a technical project manager in your past. &nbsp;You have helped and assisted both external clients and internal clients and love to solve technical and non-technical challenges. You strive to find long-term solutions when you can, but can compromise when you have to. &nbsp;You love getting to know new customers and learning the intricacies of their businesses.</p><br /><p><strong><em>Some signs of a great candidate</em></strong></p><br /><ul><ul><li><strong>Organized.</strong>&nbsp;Your calendar is always up to date and you&rsquo;re rarely late to anything. No task you take on gets lost.</li><li><strong>Deep technical understanding.&nbsp;</strong>This is not a programming position, but you might have been a developer at some point before you decided to be more customer focused.</li><li><strong>Patient. &nbsp;</strong>Although you&rsquo;re organized, you understand that our customers might not be. You know how to get people to get things done.</li><li><strong>Performance recognized by your peers.</strong>&nbsp;Past colleagues would love to work with you again.</li><li><strong>Starter and finisher.</strong>&nbsp;You often identify a problem, design a solution and bring it to a state of completion - alone or with collaborators.</li><li><strong>Work hard and smart.</strong>&nbsp;Your work ethic is unquestioned, and you know how to get things done so you can balance your work and personal life in a sustainable way.</li><li><strong>Disciplined and reliable.</strong>&nbsp;We are a remote company and you enjoy the benefits of working remotely while consistently delivering what you have committed to. When you hit a snag, you communicate and reset expectations early.</li><li><strong>Collaborative.</strong>&nbsp;You know that your team members&rsquo; perspectives will make your solutions better. Similarly, you use your strengths to make the team perform.</li><li><strong>Appreciation of honest feedback.</strong>&nbsp;You know that the best way to learn and grow is through constructive feedback delivered kindly, but without unnecessary ambiguity. You feedback given to as an opportunity to get better and strive to do the same for others.</li><li><strong>Analytical and practical mind.</strong>&nbsp;You strive for simple, precise solutions to complex problems. Complex solutions are only acceptable when absolutely needed.</li></ul><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Why we are different</strong></p><br /><p>Our main goals with Motiion are easy to explain: We want to build a company that we would like to&nbsp;<em>enjoy&nbsp;</em>spending the rest of our careers in, that has a positive impact on the world and that will outlast us. Achieving these goals will be challenging, but we know we can do it. Here&rsquo;s why:</p><br /><p><strong>A strong founder team</strong></p><br /><p>We, the founders, have a proven track record of building successful companies from scratch. We will take all of the amazing and painful experiences of the past and apply them to create a company we all will be very proud of.</p><br /><p><strong>Self-funded</strong></p><br /><p>The founders have invested $10 million to allow us to focus on building technology and product the right way. Our eyes are on the goals of building a global technology platform. We are laser focused on customer needs, but will make product priorities based on our long-term goals, not short-term revenue.</p><br /><p><strong>Remote-first</strong></p><br /><p>We believe technology that enables remote work to be&nbsp;<em>better</em>&nbsp;than a corporate office setting is already here and the world of business is just about to catch up. Remote work certainly comes with drawbacks, but the strongly believe the advantages vastly outnumber the disadvantages. Speaking to dozens of experienced remote employees has shown us that the number one obstacle to building a successful remote workplace is doing it half-way by having some people be co-located and some remote. We want the same mode of collaboration for&nbsp;<em>everyone</em>&nbsp;and our team will be working remotely most of the time.</p><br /><p>This does not mean that you have to work from home all the time, or at all. Motiion will pay for co-working space if that&rsquo;s what you prefer. We will also encourage team members that live in the same area to meet up and work together when it makes sense. We will also make sure we all meet regularly for real in-person interaction!</p><br /><p><strong>Personal impact of collaborating individuals</strong></p><br /><p>We have seen first-hand how corporate culture can devolve into empire building and reporting lines. Motiion will have great managers, but we recognize and value the skills of individual contributors. You can grow your career at Motiion doing the work you love and excel at. Your merit matters, not your title.</p><br /><p><strong>Benefits</strong></p><br /><p>We have top notch benefits, matching most of the large US tech companies, including 401k matching, excellent health insurance and a generous vacation policy.</p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71317">https://remoteok.io/l/71317</A>
