---
path: "/post-71521/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["web dev"]
title: "Web Development Mentors Tutors"
date: "2019-03-05T08:31:45-08:00"
summary: "CareerFoundry"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Web Development Mentors &amp; Tutors (Node.js &amp; Javascript) (f/m/d)</strong><br><br>We created CareerFoundry to help others build their careers while maintaining personal freedom and flexibility. Our 100% online, flexible, mentor-driven courses are setting the standard for globally accessible technical education. Through our online programs, expert Tutors and Mentors bring students from complete beginners to junior web developers in 6 months.<br><br>We are looking for experienced and passionate web developers all over the world to join our Mentor and Tutor pool and help define the next generation of tech talent by educating and empowering students across the globe.<br><br>Our global pool of over 180 Mentors and Tutors in web development, user experience design, and user interface design fields has grown to include freelancers, entrepreneurs, consultants, and tech leads who passionately guide, motivate, and empower our students to create new careers in the tech industry. We are constantly searching for more teaching enthusiasts like you to join this pool.<br><br>Being a part of our Mentor and Tutor team is more than teaching. It is inspiring newcomers to the field to build, to problem solve, to think like a developer, and to increase their value as professionals. With their expertise from the field, Mentors and Tutors provide guidance and encouragement to their students each step of the way, from writing their first line of code to polishing their first professional App portfolio.<br><br><strong>We are currently recruiting for two roles: Mentor (3+ years experience) and Tutor (1-3 years experience)</strong><br><br><strong>Your Mission as Mentor:</strong><br>Most students will be beginners and are looking not only for a Mentor&rsquo;s help and experience to master the necessary skills, but also inspiration and motivation to keep them focused and motivated along the way. You're their link and their point of entry into their new industry, so they want to hear that they'll be able to make it (if they put in the work, of course).<br>As a Mentor, you will be reviewing your students&rsquo; work on regular basis with a view to how it would fit into an industry-ready portfolio. Additionally, you will do one-on-one video calls to help prepare your students for their entry into their new industry. They&rsquo;re going to want to know how you got your start in the industry, how you network, how you decide which companies and roles to go for, and much more!<br>To succeed in this role, you need to have a real drive to pass on your wisdom and secrets for success to the next generation of developers. After working with their Mentor and Tutor on their main course, they will work with a dedicated Career Specialist who will help them through their job search phase - but we look to you to help encourage the mindset they will need to enter their new industry.<br>Mentors communicate with students through Slack and our in-platform messaging tool and respond to students within 48 hours of receiving an assignment submission.<br><br><strong>What you will be doing:</strong><br>During your time at CareerFoundry you will equip students with the tools to become career-ready through:</p><br /><ul><li>Reviewing student "achievements" submitted through the CareerFoundry platform (a portfolio-ready piece of work coming at the end of a number of smaller exercises).</li><li>Advising the student specifically on career-related topics and helping prepare them to enter the industry through one-on-one video calls with each student.</li><li>Suggesting supplemental learning materials and personal insights in areas where students are struggling.</li><li>Working with a Tutor who will review work on a daily basis and answer day-to-day enquiries - you'll be on hand to step in for more advanced queries or for a higher level of troubleshooting.</li></ul><br /><p><br><strong>What&rsquo;s in it for you:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Remuneration - Mentors will sign a freelance contract and will be compensated on a monthly basis.</li><li>Flexible and Mobile - Work from anywhere with an internet connection and with a schedule that works for you.</li><li>Fulfilling - Directly impact students&rsquo; personal growth and help them succeed in their goals. Contribute to your industry and help shape the outlook of the next generation of developers.</li></ul><br /><p><br><strong>Your Mission as Tutor:</strong><br>Tutors give feedback and constructive criticism on assignments and provide students with the guidance they need to improve their work through reviews and industry insights. Once a student submits an assignment, Tutors make sure that it meets all the requirements set out by the course curriculum, marking to rubrics we provide with each task to ensure students meet a consistent standard.<br>When students are struggling with understanding a key area, Tutors are there to encourage them and provide supplemental tricks and tips to help them power through any roadblocks they encounter. Your job as a Tutor is not to hold a student&rsquo;s hand, but to help them learn the troubleshooting and problem-solving skills they&rsquo;ll need to work as a developer.<br>Tutors communicate with students through Slack and our in-platform messaging tool and respond to students within 24 hours of receiving an assignment submission.<br><br><strong>What you will be doing:</strong><br>During your time at CareerFoundry you will equip students with the tools to become career-ready through:</p><br /><ul><li>Regularly reviewing student exercises submitted through the CareerFoundry platform.</li><li>Code reviews and checking for fundamental understanding of concepts.</li><li>Suggesting supplemental learning materials and personal insights in areas where students are struggling.</li><li>Working with a Mentor who will advise the student specifically on career-related topics and support you as a Tutor.</li></ul><br /><p><br><strong>What&rsquo;s in it for you:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Remuneration - Tutors will sign a freelance contract and will be compensated on a monthly basis.</li><li>Flexible and Mobile - Work from anywhere with an internet connection and with a schedule that works for you.</li><li>Educational - Deepen your own knowledge of web development by teaching it to others and benefit from a Mentor&rsquo;s advice.</li><li>Fulfilling - Directly impact students&rsquo; personal growth and help them succeed in their goals.</li><li>R&eacute;sum&eacute; Gold - Mentoring and teaching experience is highly sought after by employers everywhere.&acute;</li></ul><br /><p><br><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>You are passionate about sharing your knowledge and experience, supporting students on their way to becoming web developers.</li><li>You have several years&rsquo; experience as a web developer in Javascript and Node.js, with a demonstrable track record showcasing your work for a variety of clients and companies. Your commitment to test-driven development is clear.</li><li>Knowledge of the following languages and concepts, with demonstrated experience applying them: basic SQL, React, Redux, Flux, Angular, static site generators.</li><li>You can show a first class portfolio or GitHub account with rock solid, relevant references to back it up.</li><li>Ideally, you will already have gained experience in teaching or mentoring in your professional life, or you have the right attitude and skills for it: you have time and patience for beginners and a strong desire to guide people along their career path in this field, with knowledge of the latest development tools and trends, a broad network of experts in the field and an in-depth understanding of industry practices.&nbsp;</li></ul><br /><p><br><strong>Interested?</strong><br>Apply via the <strong><a href="https://ltpx.nl/vIPX8Ea" rel="nofollow">application form</a></strong>.<br><br><em>Acquisition is not appreciated.</em></p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71521">https://remoteok.io/l/71521</A>
