---
path: "/post-71030/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","engineer","digital nomad"]
title: "Software Engineer"
date: "2019-02-06T20:21:56-08:00"
summary: "YouEarnedIt"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>At YouEarnedIt, we give employees what they need to deeply engage in their work and with their colleagues while driving results for our customers. We are redefining how companies amplify their employee experience with our award-winning software platform and services. With an approach that is employee-driven, not top-down, YouEarnedIt is a disruptive force in the Human Capital Management industry. We strive to deliver exceptional experiences to our customers and our employees.&nbsp;<br><br>As a company, our focus is on building teams, cross-functional collaboration, and purposeful perks. We create a workplace that is open and transparent, provide a culture of continuous feedback, and promote regular service to our community. We have an award-winning culture that has been included in Entrepreneur Magazine&rsquo;s list of Best Company Cultures and repeatedly named to Austin Business Journal's Best Places to Work. Featured in Inc., Forbes, Business Insider, and Bloomberg Technology, we are making a difference in the lives of employees every day. We are looking for passionate, driven, and results-oriented individuals to join our winning team on our inspiring mission. Let's make big things happen in 2019!</p><br /><p><strong>Have you heard?&nbsp;<a href="https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180719005095/en/YouEarnedIt-HighGround-Join-Forces-Transform-Human-Capital" rel="nofollow">We've joined forces!&nbsp;</a></strong></p><br /><br /><p>Overview of the role:</p><br /><p>We're looking for a full-time experienced Software Engineer with a passion for collaboration, problem-solving, and software development to join our growing team. As a Sr. Engineer, you'll be responsible for designing, building, and deploying features while working with our scrum teams to ensure we rapidly deliver excellent results. You'll be working with Mongo, React, Node, AngularJS, Express, and other modern technologies.<br><br>What awesome stuff you'll do:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Collaborate with other team members to design, build, and deploy scalable web applications</li><br /><li>Write maintainable, extensible, performance-minded code (full stack)</li><br /><li>Write reliable tests, review others' code, and be an advocate for engineering best practices</li><br /><li>Influence our product's direction with your ideas and technical expertise</li><br /><li>Support our customers by understanding their needs and improving our platform to meet them</li><br /></ul><br /><p>What you'll need to be successful:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>A strong desire to innovate, experiment, collaborate and learn</li><br /><li>High standards for quality and attention to detail</li><br /><li>Minimum 4 years of application development experience required</li><br /><li>Strong knowledge of JavaScript</li><br /><li>Strong abilities with HTML and CSS, knowledge of HTML5, CSS3</li><br /><li>Server-side experience working with Node and/or Ruby on Rails</li><br /><li>Modern front-end framework experience (React)</li><br /><li>Experience with non-relational data stores such as Mongo</li><br /><li>Experience with AWS, including S3</li><br /><li>Advocate for modern software engineering practices such as continuous integration, unit testing, and automated deployments</li><br /><li>In-depth understanding of web app scalability</li><br /><li>A proven track record developing production applications</li><br /><li>Ability to lead technical projects and communicate technical problems concisely</li><br /><li>Good written and oral communications skills</li><br /><li>Experience with agile software development processes such as scrum</li><br /><li>DevOps knowledge is a plus</li><br /><li>Experience in both creating and consuming GraphQL APIs is a bonus</li><br /></ul>
