---
path: "/post-71231/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["full stack","engineer"]
title: "Full Stack Engineer Ready Change Healthcare"
date: "2019-02-07T14:35:35-08:00"
summary: "Beterra Health"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Introduction</strong></p><br /><p>Beterra Health is looking for our first full-time engineer to join our small, growing, and ambitious team in making healthcare safer.</p><br /><p>Beterra is focused on accelerating healthcare improvement by simplifying the collection, sense-making, and use of patient safety and quality data. Our clients across 7 countries are currently using our tools to identify and address the root causes of patient harm.</p><br /><p>We&rsquo;re strongly driven by our mission and vision, and we genuinely believe our team has the skill and drive to make a meaningful difference in both healthcare and the world. Come join us!</p><br /><p><strong>About the Role</strong></p><br /><p>This role will be our first full-time engineer. To date, we have used part-time developers and external agencies to build our first product and validate the market need for our solution. As we rapidly pass through 200 + hospitals, it is time to bring our product development in house and execute on our broader roadmap.</p><br /><p>You will be working closely with the co-founders and the current team to bring our data use platform to life. You&rsquo;ll have the opportunity to significantly influence our culture, drive key decisions about our product, interact with our clients, and build a truly great solution, that saves lives, from the ground-up.</p><br /><p><strong>About You</strong></p><br /><p>You&rsquo;re an engineer passionate about using technology to improve the world. You&rsquo;re knowledgeable of both front-end and back-end web development and prepared to wear multiple technical hats as you help us go from an analysis-focused product to an outcome-focused platform.</p><br /><p>You have experience in at least some of the following and are eager to learn the rest or make and defend suggestions for changes.</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Ruby on Rails</li><br /><li>PostgreSQL</li><br /><li>Javascript and Ember</li><br /><li>Linux Server Management</li><br /><li>Amazon EC2, S3, Route 53, SES</li><br /><li>Development Operations</li><br /><li>Data Visualization</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Benefits</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Attractive compensation package</li><br /><li>Flexible work environment and vacation policy</li><br /><li>Healthcare coverage</li><br /><li>Opportunity to grow with us!</li><br /></ul>
