---
path: "/post-70969/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["product manager","exec","marketing"]
title: "Product Marketing Manager"
date: "2019-02-04T18:55:13-08:00"
summary: "Auth0"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>Auth0, a global leader in Identity-as-a-Service (IDaaS), provides thousands of enterprise customers with a Universal Identity Platform for their web, mobile, IoT, and internal applications. Its extensible platform seamlessly authenticates and secures more than 1.5B logins per month, making it loved by developers and trusted by global enterprises. Auth0 has raised more than $110 million to date and continues its global growth at a rapid pace. We are consistently recognized as a great place to work based our outstanding leadership and dedication to company culture, and are looking for the best people to join our incredible team spread across more than 35 countries!</p><br /><p>Auth0 is loved by developers and trusted by global enterprises. More than 500.000 unique users visit <a href="http://auth0.com/" rel="nofollow">Auth0.com</a> each month due to our compelling content and the functionality of our identity platform. Our mission is to simplify developers' lives, improve security, and reduce identity TCO for our enterprise customers, by making identity simple, secure and extensible.</p><br /><p>We are recruiting an entrepreneurial, creative and analytical Product Marketing Manager that can not only be a critical source of customer and industry insight, but also craft outstanding content, that will help us attract and retain relevant, quality, customers. If &lsquo;communication&rsquo; is one of your biggest strengths, you have a proclivity towards &lsquo;doing&rsquo;, have a passion for cybersecurity and/or identity technology and can be a self-starter in ambiguous situations, we are looking for you. This role will interface primarily with the Product Management, Sales, and Marketing teams and reports to a Director of Product Marketing.</p><br /><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Craft messaging frameworks and collateral around product differentiators, verticals, or buyer behavior&nbsp;to inform the Demand Gen team campaigns and Sales call scripts.</li><br /><li>Write and define deep-dive content for marketing initiatives.</li><br /><li>Use primary and secondary research to build out detailed buyer and user personas.</li><br /><li>Become well-versed in the type of conversations our Sales teams currently have with customers, who they are talking to at what stage of a deal, and the customers&rsquo; use cases for identity.</li><br /><li>Align work and priorities to business outcomes and measure progress.</li><br /><li>Assist with analyst surveys, briefings and inquiries.</li><br /><li>Use data to help to analyze the success/failure of content to pick out relevant topics for future areas.</li><br /><li>Collaborate with Technical Product Marketing managers to write demo scripts and collate competitive reviews.</li><br /><li>Collaborate closely with Product Managers to illuminate the &lsquo;so what&rsquo; of new and updated features to different audiences like customers, sales, analysts and Auth0 employees.</li><br /><li>Provide well-researched blog outlines to the content team</li><br /><li>Work with the Customer Marketing team to provide feature upsell value propositions for our customer expansion programs.</li><br /><li>Work with the Sales Enablement team to build out training programs for customers and internal employees around new features and capabilities.</li><br /><li>Work closely with Product to continually educate internally and externally around the product roadmap and vision.</li><br /><li><br /><p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p><br /></li><br /><li>Background and technical education as a developer</li><br /><li>3+ years of experience of related, relevant experience in high tech, cybersecurity or science either in Product Marketing, Project Management, Product Management, Sales or a technical role.</li><br /><li>Motivated and excited by technology.</li><br /><li>Ability to work with remote team members.</li><br /><li>Proclivity for &lsquo;doing&rsquo;</li><br /><li>Skilled communicator</li><br /><li>Able to collaborate effectively with a diverse, remote team in ambiguous situations.</li><br /><li><br /><p><strong>Location: Remote</strong></p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Auth0 is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Auth0 conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era special disabled and other covered veteran status, or an</p><br /></li><br /></ul>
