---
path: "/post-71046/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["devops","cloud foundry","cloud"]
title: "Cloud Foundry DevOps Engineer"
date: "2019-02-07T16:17:49-08:00"
summary: "Prominent Edge"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/jobs/c037dad61508032a5affc9d703beb711.png"]
---

We are looking for two talented DevOps Engineer with Cloud Foundry experience to join our team at Prominent Edge.  We are a small company of 20 developers and designers who put themselves in the shoes of our customers and make sure we deliver strong solutions.  Our projects and the needs of our customers vary greatly; therefore, we always choose the technology stack and approach that best suits the particular problem and the goals of our customers.  Because of this, we want engineers who are suited for a wider range of DevOps needs from fully automated pipelines for deploying scalable applications to helping design and implement some of our automated data processing pipelines. We want candidates who do high-quality work with good velocity and who are up for learning and applying new technologies.  We want engineers who have an in-depth knowledge of Cloud Foundry and are up for using other cloud infrastructures such as AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure when needed.  We understand that for our team to perform at its best, everyone needs to work on tasks that they enjoy.  Most of our projects have been web applications which tend to be open source and have a geospatial aspect to them.  All our work is remote and we use Slack and Google Hangout throughout the day and like to have fun.  Please check out our website and apply through the button at the bottom of our careers page http://prominentedge.com/careers**Required Skills*** Experience operating, maintaining, monitoring, and updating a Cloud Foundry deployment* Automate the provisioning of environments by designing, implementing, and managing configuration and deployment infrastructure as code solutions.* Automate operation processes and increase the resilience of the system* Maintain secure configuration management practices and assist the security team in developing threat assessment and incident response processes at the organizational and system level.* Write scripts to automate common tasks* Experience with Kubernetes**Bonus Skills*** Proficient at delivering scalable solutions utilizing Amazon Web Services: EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, API Gateway, Message Queues, and CloudFormation Templates. * Familiarity with the ELK Stack* Familiarity with basic administrative tasks and building artifacts on Windows * Web application development experience**W2 Benefits*** Not only you get to join our team of awesome playful ninjas, we also have great benefits:* Six weeks paid time off per year.* Six percent 401k matching, vested immediately.* Free PPO healthcare for the entire family.* We pay you for every hour you work.  Need something extra? Give yourself a raise by doing more hours when you can.* Want to take time off without using vacation time? Shuffle your hours around in any pay period.* Want a new MacBook Pro laptop? We'll get you one.  If you like your MacBook Pro, we’ll buy you the new version whenever you want.* Want some training or to travel to a conference that is relevant to your job? We offer that too!* Work from the comfort of your home!
