---
path: "/post-71293/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","exec","engineer"]
title: "Software Engineering Manager Developer Productivity"
date: "2019-02-20T16:22:53-08:00"
summary: "Auth0"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

Auth0, a global leader in Identity-as-a-Service (IDaaS), provides thousands of enterprise customers with a Universal Identity Platform for their web, mobile, IoT, and internal applications. Its extensible platform seamlessly authenticates and secures more than 1.5B logins per month, making it loved by developers and trusted by global enterprises. Auth0 has raised more than $110 million to date and continues its global growth at a rapid pace. We are consistently recognized as a great place to work based our outstanding leadership and dedication to company culture, and are looking for the best people to join our incredible team spread across more than 35 countries!<br /><br />Do you want to make the internet more secure by leading a team focused on making developer's lives better?<br /><br />Here at Auth0 we&rsquo;re focused on securing the internet by powering the login box. We&rsquo;re currently hiring an experienced manager to lead the Developer Productivity team. This is a core engineering team working on customer facing work. You'd be giving our customers - developers - the tools they need to configure and use our authentication and identity tool suite.<br /><br />This work enables a more secure, fully featured internet. As more developers stop wasting time building their own half-baked security solutions and use Auth0's well-thought-out ones, they have time to build new things.<br /><br />You'd directly manage an engineering team, lead hiring loops, drive career growth and partner with product to build the team&rsquo;s vision.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />We will share more of the skills we look for in our career ladder, but here are some of the highlights:<br /><ul><br /><li>Able to turn large, poorly defined business or technical problems into iterative solutions with your team</li><br /><li>You drive everyone on the team to be more capable than they were six months ago</li><br /><li>Your team understands their job is more than writing code</li><br /><li>You ensure everyone's voice is heard and a wide range of people can be successful on your team</li><br /><li>You tie every piece of work back to the company mission and its business value</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Preferred Locations:<br /><ul><br /><li>Auth0 is a remote friendly and a deeply distributed company with the majority of engineering leadership working from outside an office. To be most effective in this role the following time-zones are preferred: GMT-7; GMT-6; GMT-5; GMT-4; GMT-3; GMT-2; GMT-1; GMT; GMT+1; (aka Mountain Time through Western EU/Central Africa).</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Auth0 is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Auth0 conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era special disabled and other covered veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Auth0 participates in E-Verify and will confirm work authorization for candidates residing in the United States.
