---
path: "/post-71017/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["exec"]
title: "Team Lead"
date: "2019-02-06T11:02:39-08:00"
summary: "GitPrime"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Who we are:</strong></p><br /><p>GitPrime is pioneering data-driven engineering. We report on the work patterns and the people-side of software development so engineering leaders can advocate for resources and show they&rsquo;re driving business value based on objective data. We have strong product-market fit with hundreds of happy customers and we are growing rapidly.</p><br /><p><strong>Who we're looking for:</strong></p><br /><p>This is a typical&nbsp;<em>player-coach</em>&nbsp;role. Our engineering group is divided into teams of about five engineers. As the team lead, you will be asked to run projects typically one to three months.&nbsp;</p><br /><p>As a team lead, you are responsible for the successful timely delivery of the project. You're usually given a detailed spec that provides nearly complete UI comps, business requirements, and some implementation guidance. Your job starts with a detailed review of the requirements, gathering questions from your team, coordinating the kickoff meeting with the business stakeholder. We give ample time for engineering feedback into the spec and recommendations for timeline and adjustments to the deliverable. At that point, your job is to run point for the team, make implementation decisions, coordinate pull requests, get early feedback, and generally own the usual responsibilities for software delivery.</p><br /><p>This position is ideal for the senior candidate seeking&nbsp;<strong><u>both a&nbsp;</u></strong><u><strong><u>m</u>anagerial and individual contributor development</strong></u>&nbsp;position.</p><br /><p>You should have no less than&nbsp;<u>ten</u>&nbsp;years of commercial experience in building high-performing, scalable, enterprise-grade applications. You must be able to write clean code and ensure scalability.</p><br /><p>When we say commercial experience, we mean daily hands-in-the-code development experience. Demonstrated leadership ability, and on time delivery of applications is a must for this position.&nbsp;<u>Please give specifics on team size, delivery challenges, and consistent track record of success in your application.</u></p><br /><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li><br /><p>Design and develop high-volume, low-latency applications for mission-critical systems and delivering high-availability and performance</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Create well designed, testable, efficient code</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Participate in all phases of the development lifecycle</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Assist in preparation and production of releases of software components</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Ensure designs meet specifications</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Investigate alternatives and technologies and present them for architectural review, in order to support continuous improvement</p><br /></li><br /><li>Manage team workflow and assume personal responsibility for requirements and timeframe compliance&nbsp;<br><br></li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li><br /><p>10+ years commercial experience mostly in Java and related technologies</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Significant experience in designing and developing applications using Java, the Spring framework</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Experience with Docker</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Experience with Kafka and the Samza framework a plus</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Good knowledge of SQL and ORM technologies, including JPA2 and Hibernate</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>BS degree in Computer Science required MS preferred</p><br /></li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Why work for GitPrime:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Join high-growth VC funded Y-Combinator startup at liftoff and share the upside</li><br /><li>Work with a tight-knit group of highly-motivated professionals at the top of their game</li><br /><li>Compensation package at $140-170k depending on experience, with healthcare, stock options, and benefits</li><br /><li>We are headquartered in Durango, CO, so you're in for a treat. Located in the heart of the San Juan Mountains, forget the hassles and headaches of city life and enjoy the incredible work-life balance at your doorstep&mdash;hiking, mountain biking, paddling, and skiing&mdash;that only Colorado can offer.</li><br /><li>This is a remote-friendly company. Very little travel is required and you're welcome to work from anywhere in the U.S.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>How to Apply:</strong></p><br /><p>Complete the short application, including a paragraph about why GitPrime is interesting to you. If you advance, we will ask you to complete several short screening exercises to assess your skills and ideas. If you are shortlisted, we will fly you to Durango Colorado for face-to-face interviews and meet the rest of the team.</p>
