---
path: "/post-71050/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["salesforce","engineer"]
title: "Salesforce Support Engineer"
date: "2019-02-07T18:34:59-08:00"
summary: "Formstack"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong><span>Formstack, the most flexible and powerful form building application, is looking for a Support Engineer&nbsp;to add to the team.</span></strong></p><br /><br /><p>Formstack is a 13-year-old company with its roots in Indianapolis. Our customers span 110 different countries, and our employees live and work across the U.S. and the globe. We provide a work environment that is flexible and provides great freedom for those who can perform. We are seeking people who demonstrate an ability to work effectively with individuals from diverse cultures and backgrounds.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p><br /><br /><p>You love to program and are driven to learn. You are a great communicator, detail oriented and can see a project through from start to finish. If that's you, you might be just what we need!</p><br /><br /><p><strong>What You Will Do:</strong></p><br /><br /><p>The Salesforce Support Engineer will collaborate with the Development and CX teams to create, maintain, and enhance features on our Salesforce Application. You will also help fix bugs and maintain our documentation. You will work closely with the CX and Support teams to make sure features ship as they were planned and existing features are updated as needed.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>How You Will Succeed:</strong></p><br /><br /><ul><br /><li>Experience with object-oriented programming languages: C#/ASP.Net, etc.</li><br /><li>Experience with SQL</li><br /><li>Experience with JavaScript &amp; JQuery</li><br /><li>Experience with HTML &amp; CSS</li><br /><li>Experience with Salesforce</li><br /><li>Ability to work remote or with remote teams</li><br /><li>Excellent written and oral English communication skills</li><br /><li>Actively share knowledge with Engineers</li><br /><li>Exceptional customer service skills and able to develop efficient solutions</li><br /><li>Excellent attention to detail</li><br /><li>The ability to work independently but also work well within a team environment</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Bonus:</strong></p><br /><br /><ul><br /><li>Apex &amp; VisualForce</li><br /><li>Ability to use command line tools</li><br /><li>Unit Testing (NUnit)</li><br /><li>Visual Studio</li><br /><li>Experience working remote or with remote teams</li><br /><li>Experience working with a SaaS product</li><br /><li>Salesforce Developer Certifications</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>What Formstack Offers:</strong></p><br /><br /><ul><br /><li>100% covered Medical Insurance, as well as company-paid Dental, Vision, Disability and Life Insurance Benefits for full-time employees.</li><br /><li>Unlimited PTO for all employees</li><br /><li>401k with matching company contribution for full-time employees</li><br /><li>The most up-to-date technology, including company-issued Macs, the latest software and other tools needed to excel at your job</li><br /><li>Company-paid conferences and extended learning</li><br /><li>Yearly company gatherings</li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Want to learn more about who we are and what we value?</strong> <a href="https://vimeo.com/vinnieman/review/232384627/7ab72f17ea" rel="nofollow">Check out this video</a> and apply if you want to jump into the next great chapter of your life.</p><p><em>Formstack is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce.</em></p><p>All data collected in our application process from resume collection to application questions is used for recruitment purposes only. We will store it in our applicant tracking system, JazzHR, and will not share this data with anyone else. We will keep your data until the role is filled and only continue to store it if we feel you may fit future roles.</p><p>Thank you for your interest in Formstack!</p>
