---
path: "/post-71388/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","engineer","digital nomad"]
title: "Fullstack Software Engineer"
date: "2019-02-26T16:27:18-08:00"
summary: "Auth0"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>Auth0, a global leader in Identity-as-a-Service (IDaaS), provides thousands of enterprise customers with a Universal Identity Platform for their web, mobile, IoT, and internal applications. Its extensible platform seamlessly authenticates and secures more than 1.5B logins per month, making it loved by developers and trusted by global enterprises. Auth0 has raised more than $110 million to date and continues its global growth at a rapid pace. We are consistently recognized as a great place to work based our outstanding leadership and dedication to company culture, and are looking for the best people to join our incredible team spread across more than 35 countries!</p><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Auth0 is looking for&nbsp;<strong>experienced full stack software engineer</strong>&nbsp;to join Service Management - Administration Experience Team. This team is responsible for delivering exceptional subscription administration experience to our customers throughout their relationship with Auth0. The mission of this group is to bring comprehensive, trustworthy, and clear visibility into how a customer&rsquo;s subscription is organized, consumed, and supported as a service.<br /><br />Are you passionate about working in a remote, multi-functional, multicultural team together with other software engineers, product designer and product owner - all living in different timezones?<br /><br />Do you have software engineering expertise, dedicated business driven approach to problem solving, self-direction, and a strong believe that the team can achieve more than each of its members individually?<br /><br />Our current technology stack is&nbsp;<a href="http://node.js/" rel="nofollow">node.js</a>&nbsp;on the backend and React on the frontend, MongoDB and PostgreSQL for storing data and RabbitMQ as message queue.<br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>You will </strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>Join a multi-functional remote team to own our products from top to bottom.</li><br /><li>Participate in both product discovery and product delivery cycles and have real impact on the products owned by the team.</li><br /><li>Collaborate with other specialists and teams to develop new features, APIs, improvements, and fixes to handle our current and future scale.</li><br /><li>Be a part of the team's on-call rotations.</li><br /><li>Debug and resolve production issues and implement fixes for them.</li><br /><li>Help our customers have an awesome experience with our products especially in the areas of subscription, tenant and customer teams management.</li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>You'd be a great fit if you </strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>Have a deep understanding of designing, writing, running, maintaining and debugging applications across the whole stack in one or more of the technologies listed above.</li><br /><li>Enjoy being part of a highly collaborative, remote-friendly environment.</li><br /><li>Have the ability to be self-directed and be effective working independently, yet feel equally comfortable contributing in a team environment.</li><br /><li>Work well with technical and non-technical people to deliver high-value results.</li><br /><li>Believe that writing code is just the tool to solve customer problems and solving them is what really matters.</li><br /><li>Have business driven approach to software development and are focused on the outcomes rather than outputs.</li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>Bonus points if you </strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>Have experience working in distributed teams and work environments.</li><br /><li>Have experience solving problems connected with subscription management, teams access management and access auditing in SaaS products.</li><br /><li>Like to mentor and coach other engineers.</li><br /><li>Have experience in developing services that integrates with Salesforce.</li><br /><li>Have knowledge in the identity and access management space.</li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>Preferred Time Zones </strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>GMT-5 - GMT+1</li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br />Auth0 is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Auth0 conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era special disabled and other covered veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Auth0 participates in E-Verify and will confirm work authorization for candidates residing in the United States.<br /><br /><a href="https://jobs.lever.co/auth0/f2a6fd71-f536-4aee-8cd1-76d96a04f894/apply" rel="nofollow">APPLY FOR THIS JOB</a>
