---
path: "/post-71160/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","senior","engineer"]
title: "Senior Software Engineer Payments"
date: "2019-02-13T17:35:33-08:00"
summary: "Skillshare"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>At Skillshare, thousands of teachers earn significant income by producing educational content, and millions of students utilize our platform to learn new skills. The ability to seamlessly receive that income and successfully transact on the platform is a huge part of enabling the success of our community, and our business. We&rsquo;re excited to welcome a Senior Engineer to join our newly-formed Payments team and build upon our current system to ensure reliability, scalability, and accuracy as we continue to grow.</p><br /><p><strong>What you'll do:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>Build out our payments processing and financial systems</li><br /><li>Ensure our systems are fault-tolerant and resilient &ndash;&nbsp;even at high volume</li><br /><li>Expand our ability to provide a secure, welcoming, and relevant payment experience as we continue&nbsp;to scale internationally</li><br /><li>Work closely with our product, finance, and data teams to ensure accurate accounting and seamless data collection</li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Why we're excited about you:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>You&rsquo;re an experienced back-end engineer with a proven history of building out complex payments systems at scale</li><br /><li>You take pride in being meticulous and thorough &ndash; no detail slips through the cracks</li><br /><li>You have a strong understanding of accounting principles</li><br /><li>You&rsquo;re ready to work with an existing code base, and can pick up new languages as needed.</li><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Why you're excited about us:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><ul><br /><li>Impact: Payments are at the heart of our business growth, and you&rsquo;ll play a key role in ensuring we&rsquo;re set up to succeed.</li><br /><li>Growth: Our team is small, so you&rsquo;ll have room to wear a lot of hats and take on more responsibility over time.</li><br /><li>Our mission: We are building a learning ecosystem for the new economy and changing millions of lives for the better.</li><br /><li>Our team: We have a passionate, smart team that is a lot of fun to work with.</li><br /><li>Your life: We take pride in our flexibility. Working remotely is part of how we need to work these days. You&rsquo;re a professional, and we trust you to do what you need to do.</li><br /></ul><br /></ul>
