---
path: "/post-71386/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["product manager","non tech","exec"]
title: "Product Owner"
date: "2019-02-26T14:38:55-08:00"
summary: "Dealer Inspire"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>About You:</strong></p><br /><p>Looking for a unique work environment and culture to thrive in? Do you love the sense of accomplishment? Are you a motivated individual who works well independently as well as on a team? Then we want you!</p><br /><p><strong>About Us:</strong></p><br /><p>Dealer Inspire is an automotive website platform provider located in Naperville, Illinois. We pride ourselves in having a fun, unconventional working environment and a great culture. While our team works extremely hard, we try to keep it a fun and creative work environment. At Dealer Inspire, we like to look at current problems and 'rethink' about solutions. We're flexible - we don't write requirements in stone, and things can change regularly. This means rethinking how the solutions work best.&nbsp;</p><br /><p>Want to learn more about who we are? Check us out here!</p><br /><p><strong>Job Description:</strong></p><br /><p>The Product Owner (PO) is the leader of the Product Scrum Team who serves as a proxy for the customer to prioritize and plan initiatives that bring the most value to the customer and the most return on investment to the Company.</p><br /><p><br>To accomplish this, the PO must balance the requests for new features and enhancements with the continual need to maintain technical integrity of the product and supporting systems, and prioritize items in the backlog based on the input from all Stakeholders. The PO develops and maintains a vision for the product and is responsible for communicating that vision to all Stakeholders. &nbsp;The Product Owner is responsible for the product and product features from concept to EOL. The PO works with architects, product marketing and development teams to ensure that business, quality, and functional goals are met with each product release. The PO is responsible for the design, usability, quality, and delivery of a product or feature. The PO is the key decision maker on priorities and design decisions and works to ensure that all stakeholders are aligned at each stage of the development lifecycle. The PO understands both the engineering and business side of the product release and is ultimately responsible for representing the entire product for our company.<br><br><strong>Duties and Responsibilities:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Supports and holds accountable other supporting roles (such as sales, marketing, and compliance) to the agreed upon deadlines and deliverables.</li><li>Accurately assess timelines and delivery schedules, and clearly communicate opportunities and risks to management</li><li>Own product performance by setting success metrics and monitoring them to inform the future product roadmap</li><li>Define, manage, and evolve product strategy, roadmap, and vision</li><li>Management of product's P&amp;L</li><li>Product ownership role throughout the development and delivery lifecycle, requirements management and backlog prioritization</li><li>Collaboration with Sales, Marketing and Product leadership teams on outward communications about the product and roadmap</li><li>Develop an in-depth understanding of the competition, differentiators and business strategy</li><li>Management of, and contribution to, functional specification and user story definition</li><li>Takes lead on the scrum team and manages the short-term (Sprints) roadmap, involving sales, marketing, implementations, clients, prospects, partners, and other groups</li><li>Providing vision and direction to the Agile development team and stakeholders throughout the project and create requirements</li><li>Plan and prioritize product feature backlog and development for the product</li><li>Assess value, develop cases, and prioritize stories, epics, and themes to ensure work focuses on those with maximum value that are aligned with product strategy</li><li>Provide backlog management, iteration planning, and elaboration of the user stories</li><li>Work closely with Product Management to create and maintain a product backlog according to business value or ROI</li><li>Lead the planning product release plans and set expectation for delivery of new functionalities</li><li>Provide an active role in mitigating impediments impacting successful team completion of Release/Sprint Goals</li><li>Create and maintain relationships with key partners and internal teams</li><li>Keep abreast with Agile/Scrum best practices and new trends</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Requirements and Qualifications:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Experience working as a product manager, business systems analyst, software architect, or engineer</li><li>The standard set of PM skills: understanding markets, competition, and user problems in depth to articulate why and how we should build</li><li>Experience working with budgets, forecasts, and managing P&amp;L statements</li><li>Awareness of procedures and standards for conceptual product definition, database design, the creation of analysis specifications and program artifacts, development of test plans</li><li>Appreciation of good UI/UX design and its impact on product success</li><li>Ability to work in an organized manner and use common sense and problem-solving abilities</li><li>Ability to work effectively under pressure on multiple initiatives</li><li>Ability to adapt to a new working environment and technologies</li><li>In-depth knowledge of Agile process and principles a plus</li><li>Working knowledge of Atlassian products a plus</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Behavioral Competencies:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Extreme patience, ability to listen, a sense of humor and a controlled tenacity for delivering results is a must.</li><li>Must have a strong sense of urgency and experience working with internal and external member teams.</li><li>Ability to think creatively and excellent problem-solving skills.</li><li>Can take charge and thrive in uncharted territory or ambiguous circumstances. Strong analytical skill set to decipher client needs and recommend solutions.</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Perks:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Health Insurance with BCBS, Delta Dental (Orthodontics coverage available), Eye Med Vision</li><li>401k plan with company match</li><li>Tuition Reimbursement</li><li>13 days paid time off, parental leave, and selected paid holidays</li><li>Life and Disability Insurance</li><li>Subsidized gym membership</li><li>Subsidized internet access for your home</li><li>Peer to Peer Bonus program</li></ul><br /><p>*Not a complete, detailed list. Benefits have terms and requirements before employees are eligible.</p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71386">https://remoteok.io/l/71386</A>
