---
path: "/post-70963/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["devops","engineer","devops"]
title: "DevOps Engineer"
date: "2019-02-04T18:12:37-08:00"
summary: "Redox"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Redox is a 4 year old, fast-growing startup on a mission to change healthcare.&nbsp;</strong>Redox is an engineering-first company, building the future of healthcare information exchange.&nbsp;</p><br /><p>We are looking for a talented and energetic engineer to join our&nbsp;<strong>Integration Engineering&nbsp;</strong>team.</p><br /><p>This role is expected to work with our Integration Engineering team, Infrastructure team and customers to help accelerate and engineer solutions that assist onboarding customers.&nbsp;</p><br /><p>You&rsquo;ll be responsible for ensuring that customers are able to communicate with Redox, automating debugging and introspection tools and working with the Infrastructure team to help build a more robust and self sufficient platform.&nbsp;You'll be part of the client nboarding team - working directly with customers.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><br /><p><em><strong>You can be based anywhere in the US. (See &ldquo;Work Anywhere&rdquo; below)</strong></em></p><br /><br /><p><strong>What We Are Looking For:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li><br /><p>Familiarity with the Linux operating system</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>A solid understanding of IPSEC and L2TP vpn technologies</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Capable of communicating with customers and engineers effectively</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Willing and wanting to automate tasks using scripting languages such as: Python, NodeJS, Ruby or another high level language</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Comfort working with open source projects</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>A lover of all things metrics</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Collaborating with others (customers) to solve ambiguous problems</p><br /></li><br /></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Please Apply If You Are:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>&nbsp;Passionate about solving complex problems and doing good</li><br /><li><br /><p>Enthusiastic about creating an elegant and delightful user experience</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Intellectually curious with a genuine desire to learn</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>A good listener who shows respect to your colleagues</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>A believer in asking for forgiveness, not permission</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Comfortable with uncertainty and turning complex problems into actionable plans</p><br /></li><br /></ul><br /><p>&nbsp;<strong>Preferred Experience:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li><br /><p>Hands on IPSEC experience in a production system</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>An understanding of routing technologies and load balancing</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Programming experience against open source projects</p><br /></li><br /><li><br /><p>Healthcare Experience/Interest</p><br /></li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong><u>Benefits</u></strong></p><br /><p>We provide benefits that allow you to live life by your own design. Redox employees enjoy unmatched autonomy in their work and the support to live a balanced life. We trust you know what you need to be happy, at work and at home.</p><br /><ul><br /><li><strong>Tackle Challenging Problems Everyday.&nbsp;</strong>There is no roadmap for what we are building, so you&rsquo;ll have the backing and support of talented engineers and security practitioners to make sure you have what you need to be successful.</li><br /><li><strong>Work Anywhere.</strong>&nbsp;All Redox employees are encouraged to live and work wherever they're happiest. All you need is power, wifi, and a computer and you&rsquo;re good to go. We also run a number of co-located working spaces across many US cities if you prefer an office environment.</li><br /><li><strong>Flexible Working.&nbsp;</strong>Our best work happens when we feel fresh and inspired. We leave it up to you to decide when you need to take breaks and encourage you to make time for adventure and discovery.</li><br /><li><strong>Health &amp; Dental from Day 1.</strong>&nbsp;Your health and dental coverage starts when you do to make sure you're always covered. We provide health and dental insurance for employees, spouses, domestic partners, and dependents, as well as life and disability insurance.</li><br /><li><strong>Parental Leave.&nbsp;</strong>You can take 12 weeks of paid time off within the first year of your new addition arriving. We know that they need you and we have your back.</li><br /><li><strong>Productivity Fund.&nbsp;</strong>We want you to be able to set up a workspace that allows you to perform at your very best. All Redox employees receive an annual discretionary stipend so you can select what helps you be productive.</li><br /><li><strong>401k.&nbsp;</strong>We offer an optional, customizable and flexible 401k plan for you to plan for your financial future on your terms.</li><br /></ul>
