---
path: "/post-70926/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["engineer"]
title: "Production Engineer"
date: "2019-02-02T12:36:39-08:00"
summary: "New Classrooms"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong><strong>About the Team</strong></strong></p><br /><p>Production Engineering is the team that owns and improves the live production websites and web services used to deliver our flagship program, Teach To One: Math. The team&rsquo;s diverse skill set spans multiple stacks and platforms, and even multiple clouds. We make sure that the many thousands of students and teachers in our program nationwide can rely on our technology every school day.</p><br /><p><strong>About the Role</strong></p><br /><p>We&rsquo;re in the middle of rebuilding 100% of our technology from the ground up and are therefore supporting both a legacy environment and a rapidly growing new one. Each time we complete another piece of our new platform, Production Engineering partners with other teams to ensure launch readiness and do the actual launch, and then takes on ownership of that site or service. This role can be remote.</p><br /><p><strong>About You</strong></p><br /><p>You seek out worthwhile challenges, thrive in complexity, and enjoy making complicated things simpler. Your technical depth is matched by your depth of character; nothing is ever &ldquo;someone else&rsquo;s problem&rdquo; to you. Your teammates can always count on you in a pinch; you exhibit grace under pressure. You&rsquo;re always learning and always improving. You let nothing stand in your way because success is the only option when serving the greater good.</p><br /><p><strong>About the Technology</strong></p><br /><p>New environment</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Angular 6+</li><br /><li>Modern RESTful web services built with .NET Core 2+, C#, and OAuth 2 / OpenID, all running on a PaaS and not tied to any particular OS</li><br /><li>Microsoft SQL Server</li><br /><li>MongoDB Atlas, but only for distributed caching and locking</li><br /></ul><br /><p>Legacy environments</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Various JavaScript frameworks including AngularJS, React, Knockout, and Sammy.js</li><br /><li>Old-school sites and console apps built with .NET Framework 4+, C#, ASP.NET, SignalR, and Microsoft SQL Server, all running on Windows VMs</li><br /><li>Python (with Django and Celery) and RabbitMQ running on Linux VMs, backed by a PostgreSQL cloud service</li><br /><li>Jenkins, but not for what you&rsquo;d expect</li><br /></ul><br /><p>Both environments</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services</li><br /><li>Serverless: Azure Functions and AWS Lambda</li><br /><li>PaaS: Azure App Service and AWS Elastic Beanstalk</li><br /><li>IaaS: Azure Virtual Machines, AWS EC2 instances, and various other service</li><br /><li>Atlassian: Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, and Bamboo</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong><strong>Requirements</strong></strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Up-to-date expertise in C#. We&rsquo;re also open to candidates who are strong in another language and interested in switching.</li><br /><li>Solid understanding of REST, HTTP, and Internet/web/cloud fundamentals.</li><br /><li>Familiarity with relational databases and SQL.</li><br /><li>Familiarity with JavaScript (especially TypeScript and Angular), HTML, and CSS.</li><br /><li>Extraordinary attention to detail.</li><br /><li>Excellent written, verbal, and visual communication skills.</li><br /><li>Expertise in anything listed under &ldquo;Legacy Environments&rdquo; above is a plus.</li><br /><li>On-call duty, but don&rsquo;t worry, we get it. The leadership of New Classrooms includes a recovering former Google SRE. We respect your time.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Application Information</strong></p><br /><p><strong>Equal Opportunity</strong></p><br /><p>All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality or sex.</p><br /><p><strong>Work Authorization</strong></p><br /><p>In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.</p>
