---
path: "/post-71279/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["design","ux","html"]
title: "Product Designer"
date: "2019-02-19T23:48:44-08:00"
summary: "Jilt"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/jobs/cd8d07565522df4d32fa1d97aa15e7251550627324.png"]
---

Howdy! 👋We’re the folks at [Jilt](https://jilt.com/about/), an email marketing platform built for eCommerce. We help thousands of stores surprise and delight their customers with automated emails that drive sales. We’re looking for a driven, detail-oriented UX designer to join our team and build streamlined experiences that delight our users.**The Role**You’ll work closely with teammates on the product and engineering teams to evaluate and improve our user experience via thoughtful design. Our customers are business owners or eCommerce store administrators, so it’s important to us to design experiences that get out of their way, make email marketing fun and approachable, and help them understand best practices. You’ll be responsible for identifying areas of improvement and contributing to customer research, prototyping solutions to these problems, then working on a development-ready visual design.While the majority of your time will be spent working on wireframes and visual design, you’ll also have the opportunity to contribute to customer development and research, pitching new features or improvements, and building the design standards for our growing team.We’ve worked with long-term contractors for product design thus far, so as our first full-time design hire, you’ll influence design standards and patterns that we use as our team grows. You’ll help shape our best practices, workflows, and visual standards. You’ll also be responsible for moving your projects forward, communicating your progress and milestones with others, and clearly documenting your work (we try to have good documentation on why we’ve made previous decisions for new team members to reference). As a remote-first, 100% distributed team, great communication and internal artifacts are vital to our success.**Here are some things you may do on a given day:*** Participate in interviews with new or active users* Watch Hotjar recordings to evaluate current UX / usability* Develop pitch documents for new features or improvements to existing ones* Provide feedback on designs and pitches from other team members* Create wireframes or low-fidelity prototypes for new features (we like Figma for all design projects, but we’re always open to trying new tools)* Test prototypes or designs with users and team members to validate design concepts* Design production-ready prototypes to hand to our engineering team* Work with the development team to add or update UX components within Storybook* Iterate on designs in a sprint team to respond to technical needs with engineering team members* Work closely with other product team members to draft and prioritize stories for development within Clubhouse (never seen Clubhouse? Totally okay!)* Update our team wiki as our design standards evolve* Contribute to designs for our marketing site (which we treat as a product, and should have consistency with our app)**On the first day you will:*** Meet your team and get familiar with how we work* Setup your local environment and tooling* Add a new story for a design improvement you’ve identified**In the first week you will:*** Add wireframes and detailed design to your new story* Participate in review for a teammate’s pitch or design* Contribute to improvements for our onboarding course and design documentation based on your experience**In the first month you will:*** Work closely with the product team to ship a large feature (working through initial designs and iterating on them during development)* Publish a retrospective on your first large project to share successes, artifact the reasoning behind decisions we made, and add planned improvements for the next project**To succeed in this position, you should have:*** Experience designing for the web (while you don’t have to be an expert, you should have an eye towards ensuring accessibility, developing reusable components and patterns, etc) * Ability to juggle multiple deadlines at once* An obsession about streamlining user experiences and with delighting the user* Familiarity with HTML and CSS (have experience with JavaScript or written your own code? This is a bonus — tell us!)**Who you’ll work with:*** Beka Rice, Head of Product - You’ll work with Beka to understand our product in detail and learn all the ways that our customers use Jilt.* Max Rice, CEO - Max is very hands-on and on some projects you’ll work with him on designs for our product or our marketing site.* You’ll also collaborate with design contractors to review one another’s work and collaborate on larger projects.**About you**You love designs that are un-designed, but that add some pieces of flair that make software fun to use. You know that great design requires an exceptional level of empathy, and you work hard to understand the problems your designs will solve. You know that design isn’t great unless it’s functional and understandable. Your favorite question is, “Why?” You know that all software design is subject to technical constraints, so working with the engineering team closely during a build helps you both work towards an amazing user experience while still questioning the limitations of what is possible.You love keeping up-to-date with the latest best practices and tools, and are constantly tweaking and improving the way you work. You’re curious and excited to learn, so adopting new tooling or digging into a new app is something you’re keen to tackle. (After all, it is a new experience for you to learn from!) You know how to operate a hydraulic press, or at least watched a YouTube video about them and think they’re totally rad.You’re excited to solve usability challenges in the most pragmatic way possible, and most importantly, you keep the end user in mind and love getting feedback from customers to help improve our products. You’re excited to contribute to both the planning and execution of new features and improvements.Finally, you can’t wait to join a small team that loves their work as much as you do, affords the opportunity to work on challenging & interesting projects, continuously learn and improve, and constantly ship your work. You’re a great writer and can communicate effectively whether drafting up a pitch document, chatting in Slack, editing a wiki page, or drafting a retrospective. You know that design is about communication and explaining your thought process clearly goes hand-in-hand. You can communicate fluently in English, or at least as close as anyone can come to fluent English, because really, it’s English.**Process**After an initial screening, you’ll get an email with a few questions to answer. Following that, you’ll have a few 45 minute phone chats with different people on our team to learn more about you and answer any questions you have about the position and company. The most qualified candidates will then be invited to complete a short one-day research project. If this goes well, we’ll invite you to the final stage of our evaluation process: the trial project. During this 2-3 week period, you’ll work closely with our team as a paid contractor to implement your proposal from the research project. This gives you an opportunity to make sure you enjoy the work and the team, and it gives us an opportunity to evaluate your work. We’ll have regular chats each week to share feedback and make sure we’re on the same page. At the end of the project, if all goes well, you’ll be offered a permanent position. 🙂 **Benefits**Our team is fully-remote and we communicate primarily through Slack, Clubhouse, Google Docs, Basecamp, and weekly stand-ups via Zoom (a few short meetings) — we believe the best work happens when given lots of uninterrupted time that’s free of distractions.As a remote team, we believe that regular meetups are invaluable for getting to know each other better, so you should be available for 1-2 company-paid team trips per year. Curious about what those are like? Check out our recap of our last team retreat ([SkyTrip](https://www.skyverge.com/blog/skytrip-2018-recap/)), which brought the entire team out to Lake Tahoe, California for a week. It’s a plus if you think (like we do) that bears are absolutely the coolest animals in the forest. You can see what the team has to say about working with us [here.](https://hq.skyverge.com/working-at-skyverge/)This is a full-time, salaried position, but hours are flexible. We know your work will speak for itself with wireframes and prototypes created, stories drafted, and wiki edits.Here are some benefits we're happy to offer to our team members:- Competitive salary- Annual incentive for meeting team and company goals- 27 days of paid time-off, in addition to 2 company holidays (SkyVerge Day in March, Founders Day in June 😀)- Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance for US and Canadian residents and their families (reimbursements for comparable care for non-US/Canadian residents)- 401k/RRSP Retirement plan with 4% company match for US/Canadian residents (contributions to comparable plans for non-US/Canadian residents)- Up to 8 weeks paid parental leave for new mothers and fathers- Work flexible hours from anywhere that has a reliable internet connection. We’re a remote-first company and embrace working asynchronously.- Tools (hardware/software) to help you be productive- Allowance for professional growth (books, courses, conferences)- Home office or co-working allowance- A Kindle to help you keep learning*We support workplace diversity and do not discriminate on any protected class. We believe when we work together as a team of different views, experiences, and ideas, we can build amazing things.*
