---
path: "/post-71553/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["exec","stats"]
title: "Director Of Analytics"
date: "2019-03-06T19:50:43-08:00"
summary: "Toptal"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>As the Director of Analytics you will lead and develop advanced analytic capabilities to provide deep business insights and accelerate Toptal&rsquo;s data-driven decision making.</p><br /><p>This is a remote position that can be done from anywhere.</p><br /><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><br /><p>In this role, you will own the development and ongoing leadership of an exceptional analytics function supporting the entire Toptal business. Initial responsibilities will include establishing a proactive and data-driven team that is aligned with the strategic business needs of key stakeholders. You will provide strong leadership and direction of a team tasked with development and execution of a comprehensive analytics strategy, while providing timely and robust insights for decision-making that drives critical business decisions supporting Toptal&rsquo;s aggressive growth plans. You will be tasked with ensuring that the technical requirements to support the analytics function aligns with our overall technical vision and roadmap.</p><br /><p>You will work in an entirely distributed company and help define an entirely new space while learning about how an organization is built from the ground up.</p><br /><p><strong>In the first week you will:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Onboard and integrate into Toptal.</li><li>Rapidly begin learning about Toptal&rsquo;s history, culture, and vision.</li><li>Shadow key teams across the company to learn the core of Toptal&rsquo;s operations and capabilities.</li></ul><br /><p><strong>In the first month you will:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Complete a current state assessment.</li><li>Define processes that govern the intake and prioritization of business requests, estimating, and ensure accurate and timely completion of work in progress.</li><li>Catalog and communicate what is available to the business in current state.</li><li>Stabilize ETL flows.</li><li>Validate that the data store is well architected and makes sense from a business use perspective, and make recommendations for improvement.</li><li>Evaluate current ad-hoc reporting capabilities and recommend future state to ensure agile response.</li></ul><br /><p><strong>In the first three months you will:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Partner with stakeholders to define the purpose and long term vision of the role that the Analytics Team serves in Toptal.</li><li>Recommend, gain agreement, and restructure the Analytics Teams to ensure efficient execution.</li><li>Clearly define what blend of data vision and exploration versus serving the functional needs is appropriate.</li><li>Provide leadership and direction to the Analytics Team to overhaul existing technologies with a goal to have a scalable, robust ETL layer and a near-real time data store that supports both the business and KPI reporting.</li><li>Dig into the data to validate designs, performance, data granularity, data recency, and more. You will not just make high-level recommendations.</li></ul><br /><p><strong>In the first six months you will:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Develop advanced analytic capabilities by providing a vision for how data science and machine learning capabilities can propel our business forward.</li><li>Rapidly gain an understanding of the business requirements and design roadmaps that respond to Toptal&rsquo;s short and long-term strategic direction.</li><li>Provide role clarity to the existing team and determine and close gaps which will drive future hiring decisions.</li><li>Hire and retain the best team that can propel the Analytics vision forward.</li></ul><br /><p><strong>In the first year you will:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Grow the Analytics Team to support the aggressive growth trajectory that Toptal has planned.</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Proven capability in building and managing an analytics organization supporting multiple teams.</li><li>Self-starter who is able to be hands on and can analyze, interpret and derive insights into business reports, analytic models, and data sources.</li><li>Ability to learn business processes at a near native level to understand the role that analytics plays in supporting the business.</li><li>Ability to interpret business requirements into data structures, lineage(business purpose), and metadata required.</li><li>Working knowledge of master data management.</li><li>Demonstrated experience with modern data technologies including, columnar data structures, unstructured data, NoSql, machine learning, and cognitive.</li><li>Knowledge of foundational BI concepts such as 3NF, denormalization, OLAP, and slowly changing dimensions.</li><li>Exposure to python, pandas, and familiarity with open source BI tools.</li><li>Experience working with Agile Project Management methodologies.</li><li>Experience coaching and growing individuals in analytics, data affluency, and reporting.</li><li>Ability to negotiate competing priorities in the business.</li><li>Exceptional communication skills.</li><li>Ability to build relationships at an executive level.</li><li>You must be a world-class individual contributor to thrive at Toptal. You will not be here just to tell other people what to do.</li></ul>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71553">https://remoteok.io/l/71553</A>
