---
path: "/post-70973/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["engineer"]
title: "Data Engineer Role"
date: "2019-02-04T21:51:29-08:00"
summary: "Scientist.com"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Dev Team Overview</strong><br><br>Scientist.com is a growing services marketplace which helps Scientists the world-over find, initiate, and track service requests. We're at many of the largest pharmaceutical and biotech institutions in the world. We enable the outsourced workflows which increase efficiencies and facilitate compliance. And we're growing.<br><br>The core of the Scientist system is a mature and monolithic Ruby on Rails application. We have successfully migrated to Kubernetes on AWS and we run over 400 pods! Everyone on the dev team is empowered to deliver new software daily.<br><br><strong>Job Description &amp; Responsibilities</strong><br><br>This is where you come in, the web application is in great shape but we need to answer more business questions. We want to provide data and tools to our finance and business analysts based on events from the application. The first big project would be maintaining an ETL pipeline for loading data in to AWS S3 and supporting our internal customers with Tableau.<br><br>You would be collaborating with experienced application owners who know the datas ins and outs, you would not be learning the system in a vacuum. That won't be the end of it, we'd also like to support more developer friendly tools like Jupyter.<br><br>You'd also be supporting the Kubernetes cluster, helping to track system health, improving our CI/CD system, internal metrics and logging, performing cluster upgrades, and doing a variety of security ops. If you like Rust, this also a great job for you.</p><br /><p>We're ready to train the right applicant for any of the missing skills. If you've got passion for any part of this job and you're receptive to training on other parts, apply!<br><br><strong>Requirements</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Code school, relevant work experience, or a 4 year degree</li><br /><li>Working knowledge of unix processes, networking, bash, ruby or python</li><br /><li>Comfortable with SQL and data modeling</li><br /><li>Excellent communication and presentation skills</li><br /><li>Self-starter capable of working independently</li><br /></ul><br /><p><br><strong>Nice to haves</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Experience with AWS Athena/Glue/EMR</li><br /><li>Experience with Tableau and its server administration</li><br /></ul><br /><p><br>Even if you aren't super confident, that's OK. We encourage anyone interested in this position to apply. Please include any relevant code samples, blog posts, stack overflow questions or answers. We want to see what you've written and get a feeling for your communication style.<br><br><strong>Benefits</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Competitive salary</li><br /><li>Full medical benefits</li><br /><li>401K</li><br /><li>Stock Options at rapidly growing start-up company (#9 on Inc. Magazine&rsquo;s fastest growing private companies)</li><br /><li>100% remote friendly (we'd prefer 5 hours of overlap with the US Pacific time zone)</li><br /><li>Daily standups with your team</li><br /><li>Company laptop of your choice</li><br /><li>All expenses paid travel to the yearly all-hands, held in beautiful Solana Beach, CA</li><br /></ul><br /><p><br>If this sounds interesting to you, please apply online and include your resume, cover letter and relevant code samples, blog posts, and stack overflow Q&amp;A.</p><br /><br /><p><strong><span><strong>Due to the amount of applications we receive, we ask serious applicants&nbsp;</strong></span><strong>to:</strong></strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li><strong>upload a resume</strong></li><br /><li><strong>write a cover letter (how do you fit this role?)</strong></li><br /><li><strong>provide relevant code samples</strong></li><br /><li><strong>blog posts</strong></li><br /><li><strong>stack overflow Q&amp;A</strong></li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Applicants providing only a Resume or LinkedIn profile will not be considered.</strong></p><br /><p><br><br><strong>###</strong></p>
