---
path: "/post-71345/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["full stack"]
title: "Full Stack Single Page Application"
date: "2019-02-24T23:03:02-08:00"
summary: "Redox"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<strong>At Redox, Engineers solve the most complex and challenging issues in healthcare technology - empowering the world&rsquo;s scientists, engineers, and innovators to make healthcare data useful.</strong><br /><br />As a small team manager and full stack Single Page Application (SPA) engineer at Redox, you will lead and work alongside a team to create SPAs to configure the operation of, report on data flow within, and troubleshoot on our network.<br /><br /><strong>You will work primarily within a service oriented ecosystem and our new front-end stack to create SPAs that:</strong><br /><br /><ul><br /><li>Support the efficiency of our internal users when bringing dozens of new organizations onto our network.</li><br /><li>Facilitate rapid troubleshooting and technical operations at a scale of millions of transactions per day.</li><br /><li>Delight our customers with the ability to understand, configure, and report on more aspects of their use of our network.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>To be successful in the role, we expect that you will get to:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Collaborate with a multidisciplinary team to develop world class SPA applications.</li><br /><li>Work within a &micro;-service architecture</li><br /><li>Inspire a small team of developers toward technology goals you define such as:</li><br /><ul><br /><li>Defining and holding the team accountable to stringent Service Level Objectives for your SPAs.</li><br /><li>Collaborating across teams to facilitate the transition from a mature monolith to &micro;-services.</li><br /><li>Collaborating with other teams to introduce blue/green or other deployment methodologies to reduce risk when introducing changes.</li><br /><li>Implementing production parallel regression testing.</li><br /></ul><br /><li>Work closely with the product owner to effectively plan projects for the team.</li><br /><li>Provide updates to the larger engineering team.</li><br /><li>Advocate for your team&rsquo;s needs with the larger engineering team.</li><br /><li>Bring learnings from other teams back to your team to implement.</li><br /><li>Lead cross-team initiatives to produce a positive impact across the entire engineering organization.</li><br /><li>Ask for forgiveness, not permission.</li><br /><li>Continually improve in your craft as a developer and an engineering leader.</li><br /></ul><br /><p>Your day to day will consist of:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Pairing with your teammates to make progress on projects or solve problems.</li><br /><li>Designing solutions to feature requirements prioritized by Product Management.</li><br /><li>Implementing solutions designed by you or by teammates through the entirety of the SDLC, including testing, deployment, and operationalization.</li><br /><li>Reviewing other developers code to ensure it is production ready.</li><br /><li>Troubleshooting production issues when they arise.</li><br /><li>Estimating features and projects on the product roadmap and holding the team honest and accountable to those estimates.</li><br /><li>Partnering with the Product Owner on writing/approving user stories, including driving technical decisions from the users&rsquo; perspective.</li><br /><li>Partnering with other engineering leaders to collaborate on technical decisions with a cross team impact.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Required skills and experience:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>A solid background in software development, be that a computer science degree, or more practical experience.</li><br /><li>4+ years professional software development experience in one or more general purpose languages.</li><br /><li>2+ years as a tech lead or manager.</li><br /><li>Willingness working in all phases of the SDLC - from requirements, design, and development through testing, deployment, maintenance, and support.</li><br /><li>Full stack web development experience.</li><br /><li>Excellent written and oral communication skills, including pairing.</li><br /><li>Strong desire to expand your professional impact and autonomy.</li><br /><li>Give and receive feedback effectively.</li><br /><li>Operate effectively on a remote team.</li><br /><li>Healthcare IT</li><br /></ul><br /><p>It is not expected that any single candidate would have expertise across all of the areas outlined above. Please apply even if you are not sure you meet all these criteria. If you are interested in the role and think it could be a fit, we'd like to hear from you.</p>
