---
path: "/post-70979/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["marketing","social media","e-mail marketing"]
title: "Marketing Manager - Social Media / E-Mail / Content"
date: "2019-02-07T00:52:30-08:00"
summary: "Awesome Maps"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/jobs/57052b7f2a88eb47df4dd9cc4b71b6d0.png"]
---

**Join us on our quest to make the world's most awesome maps**Awesome Maps is making exactly that, awesome maps. We have different lines of maps like illustrated special interest maps, design maps, diy maps and more.**Where we are and where we are going**We are based across the world (check us out on our about page --> [https://goo.gl/JrF2gT](https://goo.gl/JrF2gT)) and are bringing out new maps constantly. We sell our maps worldwide - offline and online. This year we want to strengthen our online presence. **Why we are doing what we are doing**We really feel we are all really lucky to be on this planet and there is so much greatness all around us - it is honestly pure magic. When I (Simon) made the first map (Surftrip Map) I was amazed how many great places there were to surf (did you know you can score great waves in Yemen?) and how much it's worth to explore the world around us. And not just with a big "instagramable" around the world trip but also right where you are right now. The spirit of discovery lives in all of our maps and ourselves at Awesome Maps. And it's something we want to show in our marketing as well. We also all think that life is great and and we think it would be awesome if we could grow our Social Media channels and have a little impact on affecting other people's lifes in a positive way as well. How exactly this is going to happen will be your job to figure out :)**About the position**We are a small and energetic, result oriented team and are looking for people that are the same. We are looking for a doer who is ready to get shit done. The role includes: * **Social Media** - you can basically do what you want here. We want to interact with people more and find creative ways of engaging with our community - mostly on Instagram. You should absolutely LOVE Instagram and be very active yourself. Checking comments, seeing what happens after putting out a new idea and checking constantly shouldn't feel like work to you but like something you want to do. * **E-Mail marketing** - you are creative with your Social Media strategy but you also want to make sure we communicate right across different channels. You support us with ideas for email marketing and come up with creative content ideas and challenges you can tie together with your social media efforts. * **Blog** - same as the emails. You come up with ideas how we can move the conversation to our blog. You don't want to write standard blog posts only but also continue the discussion you started on social media or with the newsletter on the blog. Influencers and outlets - because you love Instagram and you stumble across great profiles all the time you reach out to them and let them know about the maps in a nice way. *The goal*Of course eventually we need to generate revenue with all our efforts and your job is to figure out what works for this and what doesn't. At the same time we want to use our channels to interact with people in meaningful ways adding some positivity to the world around us. If this would be measured in KPIs it would be:* revenue* #followers* interactions with followers * #of positive comments on what we do **What you get*** Challenging and rewarding projects. You will be responsible for the success of your projects.* A small (we're still a start-up) budget to work with.* A challenging setup and an opportunity to learn and grow.* Work remotely with flexible hours.* Long-term. We want you to stay with us! We are looking forward to meeting you!
