---
path: "/post-71531/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["engineer","backend"]
title: "Backend Engineer"
date: "2019-03-05T15:55:47-08:00"
summary: "Auth0"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

Auth0, a global leader in Identity-as-a-Service (IDaaS), provides thousands of enterprise customers with a Universal Identity Platform for their web, mobile, IoT, and internal applications. Its extensible platform seamlessly authenticates and secures more than 1.5B logins per month, making it loved by developers and trusted by global enterprises. Auth0 has raised more than $110 million to date and continues its global growth at a rapid pace. We are consistently recognized as a great place to work based our outstanding leadership and dedication to company culture, and are looking for the best people to join our incredible team spread across more than 35 countries!<br /><br />We are looking for an engineer to help us enhance and maintain our identity product. You will be responsible for helping us build new, and maintain existing, APIs and services that will be operating in high scale, low latency environments.<br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>You will:</strong></p><br /><ul><ul><li>Join a small, cohesive team comprised of engineers, a product manager, and designer to own our products from top to bottom.</li><li>Collaborate with other engineers and teams to develop new features, APIs, improvements, and fixes to handle our current and future scale.</li><li>Collaborate with our support team as the last level of escalation for tickets.</li><li>Be a part of the team's on-call rotations.</li><li>Troubleshoot production issues and implement fixes for them.</li><li>Help our customers have an awesome experience with our products.</li></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>You may be a good fit for this role if you:</strong></p><br /><ul><ul><ul><li>Have experience creating public, or internal, APIs.</li><li>Enjoy being part of a highly collaborative, remote-friendly environment.</li><li>Work well with technical and non-technical people to deliver high-value results.</li><li>Dream of working on a cloud service that has other developers as customers.</li><li>Like to lead by example.</li><li>Have experience using NodeJS (or JavaScript),&nbsp; Java, or any other concurrency-friendly language.</li></ul><br /></ul><br /></ul><br /><br />You can learn more about our hiring process&nbsp;<a href="https://auth0.com/blog/how-we-hire-engineers/" rel="nofollow">here</a>.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>Preferred Locations:</strong></p><br /><ul><ul><li>GMT-4; GMT-5</li></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Auth0 is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Auth0 conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era special disabled and other covered veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Auth0 participates in E-Verify and will confirm work authorization for candidates residing in the United States.

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71531">https://remoteok.io/l/71531</A>
