---
path: "/post-71223/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["analyst","quality assurance"]
title: "Quality Assurance Analyst @ AdBlock. Keep 65 Million People Bug free"
date: "2019-02-15T18:43:30-08:00"
summary: "AdBlock"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>AdBlock is a small team that serves more than 60 million users. Our mission is to ensure our users have a worry-free and distraction-free online browsing experience. Our main product is one of the most popular browser extensions worldwide and has been downloaded more than 250 million times. AdBlock works in Chrome, Safari, Firefox, and Edge, as well as on Apple macOS, iOS, and Android devices.</p><br /><p>Our team is distributed across North America. While we have a small office in San Francisco, most of us work remotely. What unites us is a desire to make it easier and safer for users to browse the Web.</p><br /><p><strong>What We&rsquo;re Looking For</strong><br>As our&nbsp;quality assurance leader&nbsp;you will be responsible for ensuring that we distribute high quality software to the millions of people that use AdBlock daily. We test each piece of functionality from a user perspective, both manually and with automated tools.</p><br /><p>We are looking for someone who is intellectually curious, creative, persistent, and detail-oriented. You love finding problems, working hard to reproduce them, and collaborating with the team to ensure they get addressed. You will work closely with our engineering and customer support teams to investigate issues reported by users.</p><br /><p><strong>You Will:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Manually test products on multiple browser and operating systems</li><li>Create clear, reproducible, and detailed issue reports</li><li>Develop and document test plans and results for new features and products</li><li>Identify opportunities to use automated tools to streamline the QA process</li></ul><br /><p><strong>You Have:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Experience in software QA, including writing test plans and scripts, technical support and performance testing</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li><li>Good knowledge of basic web technologies (HTML, CSS, JS)</li><li>Desire and ability to learn new software systems and programs</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Bonus Points For:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Experience with setting up and maintaining a tooling landscape for software QA</li><li>Familiarity with Chrome Dev tools and other browsers developer tools&nbsp;</li><li>Experience with test automation</li><li>Comfort working independently on remote teams</li></ul><br /><p><strong>What We Offer:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Competitive salary</li><li>100% remote, flexible work: work in whatever way produces the best results</li><li>Regular compensation reviews: we reward great work</li><li>Medical and dental insurance</li><li>401(k) + company match</li><li>Company investment in professional development and training</li><li>MacBook or Windows laptop and whatever equipment you need to work effectively</li></ul><br /><p><strong>We&rsquo;d Love to Work With You</strong><br>We&rsquo;re serious about our work, but we don&rsquo;t take ourselves too seriously. We want AdBlock to be a place where people love their work, like their co-workers, and treat everyone with respect and empathy.</p><br /><p>We are a small team, and we believe our strength comes from our diversity. We strive to create an inclusive environment where differences in race, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, political and religious affiliation, socioeconomic background, cultural background, geographic location, disabilities and abilities, relationship status, veteran status, and age only make us stronger.</p><br /><p><strong>How to Apply</strong><br>If this role sounds exciting and you live in North America, please send an email to careers@getadblock.com with the following:</p><br /><ul><li>The title of the position you&rsquo;re applying for and your name in the subject</li><li>Your resume</li><li>A cover letter (feel free to include it in the body of the email you send)</li><li>A sentence or two on why working at AdBlock appeals to you, or what you think we could be doing better</li></ul><br /><p>With ,<br>The AdBlock Team</p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71223">https://remoteok.io/l/71223</A>
