---
path: "/post-71336/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["exec","engineer"]
title: "Director Of Engineering"
date: "2019-02-22T22:15:00-08:00"
summary: "7 Cups"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>7 Cups is seeking a&nbsp;<strong>Director of Engineering</strong> to help build, guide and grow our software team. You&rsquo;ll report directly to our CEO Glen Moriarty. This is a critical time for us as we recently won a multi million dollar contract with the state of California. We will be growing a lot over the next year and are&nbsp;looking for the platform to grow and evolve just as much. You will lead the charge to technically achieving this goal partnering with our product, design, and community teams. We are here to do some of our best work of our lives to help enrich the lives of others. We hope you are too!</p><br /><p>&nbsp;<strong>What you&rsquo;ll do:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Build out our engineering department with an amazing team of engineers.</li><br /><li>Transform our platform to a modern tech stack.</li><br /><li>Set and implement standards for code quality and speed of development.</li><br /><li>Help engineers overcome personal, process, and technical problems.</li><br /><li>Assess skills and structure roles/responsibilities.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>What you bring:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>5-10 years experience as a software engineer with recent experience in at least one of our core technologies (Node, PHP, React, Javascript).</li><br /><li>2+ years of experience as an engineering manager with direct reports.</li><br /><li>Experience with high traffic, consumer-facing websites and apps.</li><br /><li>Strong written and verbal communication skills.</li><br /><li>High empathy and excellent interpersonal skills.</li><br /><li>Early stage startup experience is a plus.</li><br /><li>BS or MS in CS, Computer Engineering, EE, or Math is strongly preferred.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Equal Employment Opportunities at 7 Cups:</strong></p><br /><p>7 Cups is committed to hiring talented and qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds for all of its tech, non-tech, and leadership roles. 7 Cups believes that the gathering and celebration of unique backgrounds, qualities, and cultures enriches the workplace. &nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
