---
path: "/post-71542/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","devops","c"]
title: "Senior C# Developer Who Loves DevOps"
date: "2019-03-05T22:55:49-08:00"
summary: "MapLarge"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Enjoy solving problems and automation? </strong></p><br /><p><span>We are looking for a DevOps or Software Automation expert to re-imagine MapLarge&rsquo;s continuous integration process. &nbsp;We have a growing team of developers and a world class product which needs flexible and fast infrastructure to facilitate development and high quality customer deliverables.</span></p><br /><p><strong>What We Do</strong></p><br /><p><span>The team at MapLarge builds cutting edge products for data analytics and visualization to make us safer, more productive, and more efficient. &nbsp;The Maplarge API provides real time geospatial analytics for over 15 billion location events per day and trillions of historical events. Analysts using our geospatial visualization capability can instantly visualize and publish for data discovery and model testing on any desktop, mobile or tablet device. &nbsp;</span></p><br /><br /><p><strong>Who We Need</strong></p><br /><p><strong>DevOps / Software Automation Developer - </strong><span>Our ideal candidate has experience with all aspects of building, testing, deploying and releasing software. &nbsp;Ideally they have a knack for C# and/or Javascript which is what most of our existing tests and tools are built in. &nbsp;They are strong independent workers good at designing and implementing practical solutions that are &ldquo;good enough&rdquo; without getting bogged down in the pursuit of perfection. &nbsp;We are a fully remote company and our employees must be capable of handling all aspects of a project from helping define requirements to design, execution and testing. We need high energy people who enjoy working quickly with a fast paced team. &nbsp;</span></p><br /><br /><p><strong>Cultural Fit -</strong><span> While we hire all kinds of people and invent roles to fit them, there are three key traits we require of every team member that really define our team. &nbsp;</span></p><br /><ol><br /><li><span> Fun to Work With - Life is short and work should be fun. &nbsp;</span></li><li><span> Extremely Smart - We work on cutting edge hard problems and we need people who can both architect and build these systems at the same time while working with a highly intelligent peer group. &nbsp;</span></li><li><span>Passionate Engineers - We need people who really love their work and exhibit the energy and creativity that comes from being fully engaged in what you do.</span></li></ol><br /><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><br /><ul><li><span>US Person based anywhere in the US (100% remote allowed but no offshore)</span></li><li><span>5 Years work experience</span></li><li><span>Experience with continuous integration, cloud compute, virtualization, containers, .Net Core and Standard builds, source control and bug tracking</span></li><li><span>Experienced solving challenging problems</span></li><li><span>Strong Software Development Background</span></li></ul>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71542">https://remoteok.io/l/71542</A>
