---
path: "/post-71164/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["architecture"]
title: "Solution Architect"
date: "2019-02-13T19:10:20-08:00"
summary: "StayWell"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>We are seeking a Solution Architect to play a critical role across our product lines as well as being a thought leader within the technology organization. This role includes definition, architecture and implementation of foundational solutions in support of StayWell product lines. You will be challenged to turn solutions around quickly but thoughtfully, balancing speed to delivery with security, quality, longevity and scalability.<br><br>The Solution Architect will also be integral in helping to cultivate an environment of innovation through architectural guidance, technology direction and evangelism of best practices to ensure the team is equipped to deliver industry leading solutions for our customers and patients.&nbsp; Working within a diverse technology stack the Solution Architect will be instrumental in the modernization and optimization of highly impactful products which help people improve their health and wellness.<br><br><strong>Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following (other duties may be assigned):</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Design solutions that add value and efficiency across systems. Evaluate and undertake impact analyses on major design options and assess associated risks.</li><br /><li>Define, maintain, and manage architecture models, frameworks and artifacts (e.g. current and future state application architecture diagrams, data models, etc.).</li><br /><li>Collaborate closely with management in assessing business strategy and priorities, and tuning solutions to business goals.</li><br /><li>Collaborate closely with technology system and team leads in determining optimal solutions to product goals, and aligning system/architecture roadmaps to product plans.</li><br /><li>Support development of cross-functional business processes; identify alternative solutions, assess feasibility, and recommend new approaches via technology enablement. Evaluate the system factors which must be addressed in change management.</li><br /><li>Develop and manage expectations for communication channels and/or stakeholder groups. Initiate communications between key contributors and stakeholders, acting as a single point of contact for cross-functional solution architecture. Facilitate open communication and discussion between stakeholders.</li><br /><li>Stay informed on technology trends and product roadmaps to make strategic solution architecture recommendations.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><br><strong>Qualified candidates will have experience in the following:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Direct experience with product development in an enterprise setting, leveraging modern technology stacks and cloud-based systems such as AWS.</li><br /><ul><br /><li>Strong&nbsp;experience with (C# and/or Java)</li><br /><li>Significant&nbsp;experience with Node.js highly preferred</li><br /><li>Experience React and React Native preferred</li><br /></ul><br /><li>Strong knowledge of various integration approaches such as microservices, messaging, queuing, API patterns, etc.</li><br /><li>Experience leading / managing an enterprise development work stream involving several systems, teams and user profiles.</li><br /><li>Strong understanding of agile methodologies (Scaled Agile Framework preferred)</li><br /><li>Ability to interact at all levels of the client organization</li><br /><li>Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment</li><br /></ul><br /><p><br><strong>Education and/or Experience</strong>:<br>Bachelor's degree (B. S.) in Computer related subject area or related business field and eight (8) or more year&rsquo;s experience in Information Technology and solution delivery, or equivalent combination of education and experience in similar fields is required. Experience working with SAAS based solution delivery organization (preferred).</p>
