---
path: "/post-71300/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["devops","drupal","engineer"]
title: "DevOps Systems Engineer With Drupal Hosting Exposure CI CD Experience"
date: "2019-02-20T20:20:49-08:00"
summary: "Amazee"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><em><strong>PLEASE NOTE: This position requires that you work during standard office hours in the United States of America (UTC-8 to UTC-5)</strong></em></p><br /><p><strong>System Engineer with Drupal exposure &amp; CI/CD experience <br></strong></p><br /><p>We are excited to introduce our latest US job opening for amazee.io. We invite you to take a look at our website at http://amazee.io, read of the job description below, and to make contact with us if you find our offer exciting.</p><br /><p><em><strong>To apply,</strong> </em>please upload a maximum one-page cover letter in PDF format. Your cover letter should showcase your communication style, introduce yourself, detail your relevant technical work experience, and highlighting anything you feel we should know before we make contact with you. Feel free to also upload a concise resume.</p><br /><p><strong>The company and the job</strong></p><br /><p>amazee.io provides a Drupal hosting Platform as a Service to clients worldwide. We excel in offering outstanding support and a local Docker-based development environment congruent to production servers, supporting production deployment to any server in any datacenter in the world.</p><br /><p>Do you like to support and share knowledge with other engineers? Do you automate processes rather than doing the same thing three times? Do you believe in DevOps as a culture? Do you want to contribute to an open-source project on a daily basis? Then we may have the perfect job for you.</p><br /><p>amazee.io is looking for a System Engineer to join our tech team. You will be essential in ensuring the happiness of our clients, the stability, and the growth of our high-performance hosting environment. We are a lean, open, international, and fully remote distributed team.&nbsp;</p><br /><p>Our hosting environment is based on Docker and Kubernetes/OpenShift, operates in multiple locations all over the world, is completely open source, and currently serves over 500 million hits per month. We are constantly updating and improving the platform and need bright minds who are interested in helping us scale to build the world's best and fastest Drupal hosting environment.</p><br /><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Client onboarding and training</li><li>Provide outstanding support to our clients via Slack and in E-Mail</li><li>Go the extra mile for our customers</li><li>Assist with ensuring the stability of our hosting environment</li><li>Design, architect, and implement continuous integration &amp; development pipelines together with our enterprise customers</li><li>Specify, implement, document, and roll out features/updates</li><li>Support tech teams by being an advocate for as well as implementing DevOps Principles</li><li>Share the responsibility for frequent off hours &ldquo;on call&rdquo; duty</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>You prefer to work during standard office hours in The USA (UTC-8 to UTC-5)</li><li>2 years+ of System-Engineer/System-Admin experience</li><li>Working knowledge of Linux, Nginx, Varnish, MariaDB/MySQL</li><li>Working knowledge of Drupal and PHP</li><li>Talking to clients and providing training to technical client personnel excites you</li><li>Communicating effectively via cat gifs and emojis</li><li>Experience with Docker &amp; Kubernetes</li><li>Basic knowledge of high availability and clustered servers</li><li>Basic knowledge of Mac OS X, Windows</li><li>You're able to self-organize, work independently, but also work as part of a globally distributed team</li><li>You are experienced with or are familiar with agile project methodologies and principles</li><li>Ability to analyze problems and keep calm and focused during outages</li><li>Very good at reading, writing, and communicating in English</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Bonus Points:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Experience with OpenShift</li><li>Experience with AWS and/or Azure</li><li>Experience with server security and system hardening</li><li>Experience with Ansible, Node.js, or Golang</li><li>Experience with performance optimization and load testing</li><li>You like to share your knowledge by speaking at conferences and meetups</li></ul><br /><p><strong>We offer:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Work in a distributed team of creative professionals in a flat international organization&nbsp;</li><li>Opportunity to build a first-class open-source hosting environment&nbsp;&nbsp;</li><li>Budget for tech equipment every two years</li><li>Annual budget for education and health &amp; wellness</li><li>Attendance to events and conferences</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Work location:</strong></p><br /><p>Location is not that important, however a desire to work during business hours in the UTC-8 to UTC-5 timezone is critical.</p><br /><p>If you are excited by the opportunity to join an international hosting company and think you might be a good fit, we would love to hear from you!</p><br /><p><strong>Application instructions</strong></p><br /><p>To apply, please upload a maximum one-page cover letter in PDF format. Your cover letter should introduce yourself, detail your relevant technical work experience, and highlighting anything you feel we should know before we make contact with you. Feel free to also upload a concise resume.</p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71300">https://remoteok.io/l/71300</A>
