---
path: "/post-71463/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["react","javascript","ruby"]
title: "React Rails Engineer"
date: "2019-03-01T22:14:41-08:00"
summary: "Aha"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>Are you an Engineer looking to revolutionize the way people roadmap and launch products that customers love? Do you want to create something that will change the way people think about innovation, and work with cutting-edge visualization, collaboration, and social ideation technologies at the same time? We are looking for highly ambitious engineers who want to work on major aspects of the Aha! product &mdash; from the back-end through to the end user experience. If this is you, we want to hear from you!</p><br /><p>As a Rails Engineer at Aha!, you will have an excellent opportunity to join a breakthrough and profitable company that is growing fast. Aha! was founded by a proven team of product and marketing experts. More than 250,000 users worldwide trust Aha! to set brilliant strategy, capture customer ideas, create visual roadmaps, and manage breakthrough marketing programs.</p><br /><p><strong>We are looking for someone who:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Is experienced in Ruby-on-Rails</li><br /><li>Wants to work on a major aspect of product functionality from back-end algorithms through to the user interface</li><br /><li>Wants to be great and work in a fast-moving, online environment where the end-user is key</li><br /><li>Has a computer science degree or demonstrated experience solving challenging CS problems</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>We are committed to being great, and we want someone who:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Can work at a fast-paced company where the feedback cycle is measured in hours rather than weeks</li><br /><li>Has a "get it done" attitude and a background of delivering superb work again and again</li><br /><li>Is seeking a career-defining opportunity and a proven, results-oriented team that has sold multiple software companies</li><br /></ul><br /><p><em>We are building a distributed team, and you can work from anywhere in North America for this role. We offer generous salary, equity, benefits, and a profit-sharing program.</em></p>
