---
path: "/post-70998/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["exec","engineer"]
title: "Engineering Manager"
date: "2019-02-05T16:39:25-08:00"
summary: "Wikimedia Foundation"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>Location: San Francisco, CA or Remote</strong></p><br /><p><strong>Summary</strong></p><br /><p>The Wikimedia Foundation is looking for an experienced manager to lead our Performance Team. We are looking for someone who is passionate about our Vision: a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. Engineering Managers at Wikipedia support engineers who build features and products used by people around the world.</p><br /><p>You are a skilled technical manager with experience supporting and managing engineers in a remote environment. You embrace the concepts of open source software development and the importance of community building. You have experience and enjoy working with distributed highly technical and passionate teams. You enjoy being part of a large, vibrant, passionate, and involved community.</p><br /><p>You will be managing a team responsible for ensuring the performance of applications written in PHP and JavaScript, using both relational and key-value data storage mechanisms. The Performance Team intervenes at any level of the Wikimedia production stack, including its caching and traffic layers. The team aims to build software to the highest standards and to hold others to the same high standards.</p><br /><p><strong>Location</strong>: San Francisco, CA or Remote</p><br /><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Manage a remote team of four members, conduct personnel performance reviews, hiring, compensation planning, and career development</li><br /><li>Coach engineers to develop their career paths and to meet their career goals.</li><br /><li>Collaboratively develop team goals and track progress publicly</li><br /><li>Evangelize performance within and outside the Wikimedia Foundation</li><br /><li>Represent team members within the organization and externally</li><br /><li>Coordinate the team&rsquo;s work with other teams and departments</li><br /><li>Participate in organization-wide planning initiatives</li><br /><li>Organize team offsites and manage the team budget</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>3+ years of relevant work experience</li><br /><li>2+ years of experience managing a technical team with a minimum of 2 direct reports</li><br /><li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills</li><br /><li>Experience working remotely or managing people who are remote</li><br /><li>Bachelor&rsquo;s degree in a related field or the equivalent in work experience</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Nice to haves (It would be great if you have experience in one (or more) of these) </strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Working on an open source project</li><br /><li>Contributing to Wikipedia or other Wikimedia project communities</li><br /><li>Experience thinking about performance from a product perspective&nbsp;</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong> The Wikimedia Foundation is...&nbsp;</strong></p><br /><br /><p>...the nonprofit organization that hosts and operates Wikipedia and the other Wikimedia free knowledge projects. Our vision is a world in which every single human can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. We believe that everyone has the potential to contribute something to our shared knowledge, and that everyone should be able to access that knowledge, free of interference. We host the Wikimedia projects, build software experiences for reading, contributing, and sharing Wikimedia content, support the volunteer communities and partners who make Wikimedia possible, and advocate for policies that enable Wikimedia and free knowledge to thrive. The Wikimedia Foundation is a charitable, not-for-profit organization that relies on donations. We receive financial support from millions of individuals around the world, with an average donation of about $15. We also receive donations through institutional grants and gifts. The Wikimedia Foundation is a United States 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization with offices in San Francisco, California, USA.</p><br /><p><em>The Wikimedia Foundation is an equal opportunity employer, and we encourage people with a diverse range of backgrounds to apply</em></p><br /><br /><p><strong>U.S. Benefits &amp; Perks*</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Fully paid medical, dental and vision coverage for employees and their eligible families (yes, fully paid premiums!)The</li><br /><li>Wellness Program provides reimbursement for mind, body and soul activities such as fitness memberships, baby sitting, continuing education and much more</li><br /><li>The 401(k) retirement plan offers matched contributions at 4% of annual salary</li><br /><li>Flexible and generous time off - vacation, sick and volunteer days, plus 19 paid holidays - including the last week of the year.</li><br /><li>Family friendly! 100% paid new parent leave for seven weeks plus an additional five weeks for pregnancy, flexible options to phase back in after leave, fully equipped lactation room.</li><br /><li>For those emergency moments - long and short term disability, life insurance (2x salary) and an employee assistance program</li><br /><li>Pre-tax savings plans for health care, child care, elder care, public transportation and parking expenses</li><br /><li>Telecommuting and flexible work schedules available</li><br /><li>Appropriate fuel for thinking and coding (aka, a pantry full of treats) and monthly massages to help staff relax</li><br /><li>Great colleagues - diverse staff and contractors speaking dozens of languages from around the world, fantastic intellectual discourse, mission-driven and intensely passionate people</li><br /></ul><br /><p><em><strong>*Eligible international workers' benefits are specific to their location and dependent on their employer of record</strong></em></p><br /><p><strong>More information</strong></p><br /><p><a href="https://wikimediafoundation.org/" rel="nofollow">Wikimedia Foundation website</a></p><br /><p><a href="https://blog.wikimedia.org/" rel="nofollow">Wikimedia Foundation blog</a></p><br /><p><a href="https://annual.wikimedia.org/2017/" rel="nofollow">Annual Report - 2017</a></p><br /><p><a href="https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Strategy/Wikimedia_movement/2017" rel="nofollow">Wikimedia 2030</a></p>
