---
path: "/post-71091/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["customer support","engineer"]
title: "Customer Success Engineer"
date: "2019-02-10T12:35:12-08:00"
summary: "Sonatype"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

If you get excited at the mere thought of helping customers use new technology to help speed their SDLC so they can innovate faster, while making their software more secure - then you should keep reading. We are growing rapidly, and we need to add Customer Success Engineers (CSE) to collaborate with our customers to ensure they continuously see value across the Nexus platform.<br /><br /><strong><u>What You Will Do</u></strong><br /><br /><ul><li>Our customers are enterprise architects, security officers, build engineers, developers, DevOps managers, and associated stakeholders in the SDLC. They are incredibly smart and know their stuff. In this role, you will:</li><li>Coach and educate a set of customers on the implementation and usage of best practices to ensure smooth onboarding, faster adoption, increased footprint, etc.</li><li>Derive and define methodologies as well as common pitfalls through customer meetings (remote &amp; on-site), data analysis, and customer interviews</li><li>Engage in one-to-one and one-to-many customer outreach with the goal of educating customers, understanding their implementation status and defining/documenting how we can close any &ldquo;customer success gap.&rdquo;</li><li>Share field insights with your CSE peers as well as our Sales, Product Marketing, and Engineering teams. Provide feedback on how to bring more valuable features to the product based on customer reactions and your hands-on experiences.</li><li>Discover and analyze gaps in the customer experience, identifying "early warning" signals and then working with cross-functional teams to address them.</li><li>Act as the voice of the customer - use your insights to help us drive improvements, influence product roadmap, deploy customer advocacy programs, etc.</li><li>Ensure customers are SUCCESSFUL and DELIGHTED with Sonatype products and services, not merely satisfied.</li><li>If you&rsquo;ve been told, &ldquo;you have a great bed-side manner,&rdquo; that&rsquo;s what we&rsquo;re looking for.&nbsp; And while there will be some days of mostly screen-time, this is a customer-facing role.</li><li>Travel is likely to be around 35-45%.</li></ul><br /><br /><br /><strong>Experience and skills desired:</strong><br /><br /><ul><li>Deep familiarity with tooling used in the SDLC including: source code version control systems (e.g., git, subversion, cvs, etc.), modern build tools (e.g., Jenkins, continuous integration systems), package managers (e.g., Maven, Gradle, Nuget, NPM, etc.), continuous delivery technologies (e.g., Puppet, Chef, Udeploy, etc.)</li><li>The ability to work with such tooling to integrate Sonatype's specific solutions into customers' application lifecycles is required.</li><li>Excellent troubleshooting and analytical skills</li><li>Well-honed project management and organizational skills</li><li>Prior development expertise and experience with tools such as Hudson/Jenkins (CI Servers) and Eclipse / other IDEs is desirable.</li><li>Experience working in the cross-functional role alongside Engineering and Sales organizations is a plus.</li><li>Experience with application security and licensing and helping build processes around both are desirable</li></ul>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71091">https://remoteok.io/l/71091</A>
