---
path: "/post-71081/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["machine learning","engineer"]
title: "NLP Machine Learning Engineer"
date: "2019-02-10T05:16:07-08:00"
summary: "Avanoo"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>First, a bit about Avanoo</strong></p><br /><p>Have you ever wondered what the most successful people in the world have, that the rest of us don&rsquo;t? No, it&rsquo;s not a high IQ. And no, it&rsquo;s not that they studied more than the rest of us at school. There are a whole host of attributes that these people embody, which are never taught in school. Things like perseverance, passion, laser-like focus, a positive mindset, and the list goes on and on.</p><br /><p>Avanoo exists to help employees at Fortune&nbsp;1,000 companies embody these attributes, through 3-minute-a-day video programs and deep analytics that help us understand what their people need the most and predict what sort of content can drive the most impact.</p><br /><p>If the skills we learn in school are the applications we use to get through life, the attributes we help people embody at Avanoo are like the operating system.</p><br /><p><strong>We're doing quite well</strong></p><br /><p>We just completed our series A round of investment, grew more than 3x over last year, and unlike many companies in Silicon Valley, we're profitable.</p><br /><p>We've proven over and over again that we can help enterprises drive real impact to their bottom line just&nbsp;through the magic concoction we've put together. For example, with one of our clients, they were able to directly connect millions of dollars in new product innovations&nbsp;after 2 years of working with us.&nbsp;</p><br /><p>The bottom line is, we're scaling so fast that our existing dev team can hardly keep up!</p><br /><p><strong>What you'll be working on</strong></p><br /><p>That&rsquo;s where YOU come in: Helping us sustain this incredible growth, by building NLP algorithms to help us analyze data from our customers' systems, deeply understand their culture, and deeply intelligent and insightful reporting that enables us to continue to drive performance for their culture.</p><br /><p>If being part of a team that is building the first-ever platform that tracks and optimizes the human operating system, then read on!</p><br /><p><strong>Skills &amp; Requirements</strong></p><br /><ul><li>7+ Years software development experience</li><li>Excellent problem-solving skills</li><li>Solid grasp of OOP Principles</li><li>2+ years experience with natural language processing</li></ul><br /><p>Skilled in at<span> least a few of the following natural language processing techniques </span></p><br /><p><span>Relevant NLP skills include: </span></p><br /><ul><li>Syntactic &amp; Semantic Parsing</li><li>Word embeddings such as Word2Vec</li><li>Machine Translation &amp; Compilers</li><li>Text Classification &amp; Clustering</li><li>Search Indexing &amp; Fuzzy Matching</li><li>Data Analytics &amp; Error Analysis Machine Learning for NLP</li></ul><br /><br /><p>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71081">https://remoteok.io/l/71081</A>
