---
path: "/post-71355/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","cloud","engineer"]
title: "OpenStack Cloud Software Engineer With Focus On L3"
date: "2019-02-25T10:41:32-08:00"
summary: "SUSE"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>To extend our team, we are seeking powerful, motivated and agile software engineers to develop and maintain exciting Open Source Cloud solutions. Our engineers work closely with upstream projects and partners in a global environment, to create our enterprise grade private Cloud Computing solution based on SUSE Linux Enterprise and OpenStack and to contribute to the community. We love to learn and to share our knowledge, to give our customers the best experience.</p><br /><p><strong>The Role</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Work as a level 3 engineer in development</li><br /><li>Focus on troubleshooting challenging, complex, critical, and sensitive customer issues. Recreate complex issues in-house.</li><br /><li>Collaborate efficiently with your Backline and Field colleagues from Technical Support, Pre-Sales and Consulting, globally.</li><br /><li>Build and release Program Temporary Fixes to customers to remedy failures.</li><br /><li>Engage with maintainers and subject matter experts on code fixes and with product management on feature requests.</li><br /><li>Work with projects upstream to integrate changes</li><br /><li>Act as a mentor within development and other departments</li><br /><li>Learn, accumulate and document, transfer knowledge, and act as a multiplier.</li><br /><li>Contribute in escalation conference calls with customers.</li><br /><li>Availability to occasionally be on call after hours and on weekends.</li><br /><li>Occasional travel to customer locations to resolve technical issues.</li><br /><li>Attend and contribute on customer facing conferences, summits, etc.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>The Candidate Profile</strong></p><br /><p>We are looking for motivated and self-driven technical professionals who have a passion for both, development and providing first-class customer service.&nbsp; You will be working in a complex and diverse technical environment and we are looking for candidates who have a high desire to learn new products and technologies to enhance your current skillset.</p><br /><p><strong>Your existing experience includes</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>A strong sense of responsibility, self-motivation and the ability to prioritize and organize multiple, simultaneous workloads.</li><br /><li>Experience with and the ability to appropriately handle tense and stressful customer situations regarding service outages and production affecting issues.</li><br /><li>A core ethos of doing whatever is necessary to keep the customer happy.</li><br /><li>Experience in software development and troubleshooting on Linux systems</li><br /><li>Programming skills in Python</li><br /><li>Understanding of OpenStack, its components and architecture</li><br /><li>Experience with source code management systems (ideally GitHub) and packaging</li><br /><li>The ability to produce high-quality technical documentation</li><br /><li>Strong communication ability, interpersonal, verbal, and written skills (emails, chat) in English</li><br /><li>Active participation in Open Source communities/projects</li><br /><li>Working with international distributed teams</li><br /><li>Working with technology partners on joint solutions</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Minimum technical qualifications should include:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>A Bachelor's degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent work experience.</li><br /><li>Knowledge level at least on Linux Professional Institute 2 level or equivalent</li><br /><li>At least three years of experience in a technical support role, or as a system administrator for Linux OS, preferably SUSE or Red Hat. Participating in IT Operations or Devops in an enterprise is a plus.</li><br /><li>Experience with deploying and maintaining an OpenStack Cloud</li><br /><li>Read, understand and modify source code (python, bash, ansible)</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Why work with us:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>We are a tightly knitted global team that is passionate about Cloud technologies and Open Source development</li><br /><li>We enjoy being successful as a team and consequently foster the values focus, courage, openness, commitment and respect. People matter.</li><br /><li>We offer flexible working hours</li><br /><li>We arrange for regular events to build up relationships and friendship within and across teams. These range from informal meet and drink sessions to themed multi-day events in off-site locations</li><br /><li>We organize regular hackathons and workshops on company, department, and team levels</li><br /><li>At the offices, we maintain a fun and creative work environment with massage room, big open community area, games room (eg. table tennis, pin ball, table soccer, darts, PlayStation, Wii), free flow soft drinks and fresh fruits</li><br /><li>We provide opportunities for travel to conferences around the world</li><br /><li>We are part of the global Open Source community</li><br /></ul><br /><p>Don't forget point us to your publicly available code from previous activities in your application!</p>
