---
path: "/post-71104/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["dev","exec","digital nomad"]
title: "Software Development Lead"
date: "2019-02-11T12:44:29-08:00"
summary: "Clevertech"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p><strong>What you&rsquo;ll do:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Manage a nimble team of developers and designers to accomplish challenging goals</li><br /><li>You&rsquo;ll partner and interact with senior level management/executives and senior technical teams</li><br /><li>Lead client and team meetings to complete sprints and milestones. You will truly own the agile flow.</li><br /><li>Use your strong interpersonal and relationship development skills to balance product requirements, manage client expectations, and drive your team to effective results.</li><br /><li>You&rsquo;ll listen deeply to client needs and translate them into clear technical requirements</li><br /><li>You&rsquo;ll travel occasionally, but only for things that really matter.</li><br /><li>You will review code and continually push standards higher, every day.</li><br /><li>You will code yourself to assess and mitigate the most technically challenging parts of the project</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>What is Required:</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li><strong><em>You have experience as the lead on projects with budgets ranging from $1M to $3M</em></strong></li><br /><li>You have consulting experiences with the unique nature of listening deeply to client concerns</li><br /><li>You are a mix of product leadership, project leadership including agile kanban boards, and technical architecture leadership</li><br /><li>7+ years experience with software development with a variety of programming languages (Javascript, Go, Python, and Java are just a few that we work with)</li><br /><li>Experience leading cross functional development teams in building and maintaining custom software solutions</li><br /><li>Strong understanding of the agile software development process</li><br /><li>Available for 6 hours overlap with EST time zone.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>&nbsp;Characteristics of a Clevertech Tech Lead, straight from one of our very own</strong></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Tact - being able to speak respectfully to everyone at every level, regardless of competence, seniority or accomplishment.&nbsp; There is also a sense of what is appropriate to say or do at a given time.&nbsp; This will build trust with clients and peers.</li><br /><li>Being able to abstract.&nbsp; If you have an abstract understanding of something, you can explain it at all levels and in different contexts, using the experience or role of the audience to inform what metaphors might be used or if they are even necessary.</li><br /><li>Humility - this enables you to take responsibility and set your ego on the shelf when working with other bright people.</li><br /></ul><br /><p><strong>Our Benefits</strong><br>We know that people do their best work when they&rsquo;re taken care of. So we make sure to offer great benefits that promote personal and professional growth!<br><br></p><br /><ul><br /><li>Competitive Vacation Package</li><br /><li>Annual Financial Allowance for YOUR development</li><br /><li>Flexible Family Leave</li><br /><li>Clevertech Gives Back Program</li><br /><li>Clevertech U (Leadership Training Program, Habit Building, New Skills Training)</li><br /><li>Clevertech Swag</li><br /><li>Strong Clevertech Community</li><br /></ul><br /><p><br><br></p><br /><p><strong>How We Work</strong><br>Why do people join Clevertech? To make an impact. To grow themselves. To be surrounded by developers who they can learn from. We are truly excited to be creating waves in an industry under transformation.<br><br>True innovation comes from an exchange of knowledge across all of our teams. To put people on the path for success, we nurture a culture built on trust, collaboration, and personal growth. You will work in small feature-based cross-functional teams and be empowered to take ownership.<br><br>We make a point of constantly evolving our experience and skills. We value diverse perspectives and fostering personal growth by challenging everyone to push beyond our comfort level and try something new.<br><br>The result? We produce meaningful work</p><br /><p><br><strong>Getting Hired</strong><br>We hire people from a variety of backgrounds who are respectful, collaborative, and introspective. Members of the tech team, for example, come from diverse backgrounds having worked as copy editors, graphic designers, and photographers prior to joining Clevertech.<br><br>Our hiring process focuses not only on your skills but also on your professional and personal ambitions. We want to get to know you. We put a lot of thought into the interview process in order to get a holistic understanding of you while being mindful of your time. You will solve problems derived from the work we do on a daily basis followed by thoughtful discussions around potential fit. Whatever the outcome, we want you to have a great candidate experience.</p><br /><p>Want to learn more about Clevertech and the team? Check out<a href="http://clevertech.careers/" rel="nofollow"> clevertech.careers</a>.</p><br /><p><a href="https://youtu.be/z5daft3oGjM" rel="nofollow">Clevertech Culture Video</a></p>
