---
path: "/post-71397/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["engineer"]
title: "Customer Service Engineer"
date: "2019-02-26T21:30:19-08:00"
summary: "Defiant"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>You Will:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Patiently work through the resolution of support emails and questions posted in the forum. This involves flexibility in both customer care and incident management.</li><br /><li>Provide timely, accurate and courteous support to achieve the highest possible customer satisfaction.</li><br /><li>Acquire and maintain an excellent technical understanding of Wordfence and other Defiant products.</li><br /><li>Identify support trends by gathering and sharing information with coworkers.</li><br /><li>Proactively and reactively create and curate support documentation.</li><br /><li>Appropriately escalate complex situations.</li><br /><li>Sympathize with our customers and promote our company value of providing excellent customer service.</li><br /></ul><br /><p>Company Culture</p><br /><p>You'll work with a team that is friendly, fast-moving, and highly capable with a sense of humor. Our team's family time is important; we won't typically require long hours when we can avoid it, which is almost always. Our entire team works remotely using Slack for casual interaction, &shy;so you can live practically anywhere in the World if you have an Internet connection. There's no micro&shy;management here&mdash;we trust that you will see tasks through to completion and communicate with your fellow team members when needed or ask for help when needed.</p><br /><p>At Defiant, &lsquo;trust&rsquo; is the attribute we value most highly among our team members. We need to know that you can grab a task from a support ticketing system, communicate clearly with our customers, and see the task to completion with superb attention to detail.</p><br /><p>You Are:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>Willing to grab whatever task is required of you and run with it. This may include work outside of your core tasks. We are a small team and everyone needs to pitch in.</li><br /><li>Highly productive and able to function well independently.</li><br /><li>Comfortable working remotely and interfacing with other team members using Slack and other remote tools.</li><br /><li>An excellent communicator in written and verbal English.</li><br /><li>An outstanding teammate: self-directed and able to collaborate easily, knowing when to ask for help and how to give and receive feedback.</li><br /><li>Nimble, able to come up with creative solutions, and mature in your approach to solving challenging problems.</li><br /><li>Enthusiastic and able to see opportunity when problems arise.</li><br /><li>Empathetic and patient: some of our customers have experienced hacked sites. You should be able to comfort customers and de-escalate stressful situations.</li><br /></ul><br /><p>You Have:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>A good understanding of WordPress as a CMS and PHP application.</li><br /><li>General knowledge of Internet protocols, web tools, programming languages and security infrastructures.</li><br /><li>Excellent analytical ability and problem solving skills.</li><br /><li>Problem solving and critical thinking. Ability to perform advanced troubleshooting and guide customers through the same. Ability to search information and evaluate it independently, or present hypotheses to coworkers for input.</li><br /></ul><br /><ul><br /><li>On screen multitasking. You will be working in several different interfaces at once and must be able to effectively answer customers and communicate with coworkers over the course of the day.</li><br /></ul><br /><ul><br /><li>A fast and reliable internet connection.</li><br /></ul><br /><p>Additional Information:</p><br /><ul><br /><li>All positions require a trial period of approximately 2-3 weeks with a minimum commitment of 10 hours per week. You will be paid for this short-term contract, and it will be used to evaluate whether both parties want to pursue an ongoing, regular employment relationship.</li><br /><li>All offers of employment are contingent on successful completion of a background check. The results of the background check are considered as they relate to the position and do not automatically disqualify someone from a offer of employment with the company.</li><br /></ul>
