---
path: "/post-71465/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["devops","engineer","devops"]
title: "DevOps Engineer"
date: "2019-03-01T23:03:22-08:00"
summary: "Redox"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<strong>Redox is an engineering-first company, building the future of healthcare information exchange.&nbsp;</strong>We are looking for an experienced software developer to join our new CI/CD team. This role spans the developer experience from local development to production. In this position, you'll be architecting, building and maintaining our continuous integration and continuous delivery platform allowing our developers and engineers to rapidly deploy code and ship software with a key focus on speed, safety and usability.<br /><br />At Redox, we have a culture of trust, transparency and tireless personal growth.<br /><br /><em><strong>This is remote based role, and requires being based in the US.</strong></em><br /><br /><strong>Responsibilities</strong><br />Redox is searching for someone who has a firm understanding of industry trends and approaches to delivery pipelines. This role is expected to build and design software that meets the unique Redox development pipeline. As a DevOps Engineer you will be writing software, tests, checks and deployment mechanisms that assist in the software development life cycle. Additional responsibilities may include informing stakeholders of emerging technologies, assistance in architecting multiple solutions towards push stable code as quickly and safely as possible, participating in an on call rotation and assisting other engineers in resolving production related issues.<br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>Please apply if you are:</strong></p><br /><ul><ul><li>Passionate about solving complex problems and doing good</li><li>Enthusiastic about creating an elegant and delightful user experience</li><li>Intellectually curious with a genuine desire to learn</li><li>A good listener who shows respect to your colleagues</li><li>A believer in asking for forgiveness, not permission</li><li>Comfortable with uncertainty and turning complex problems into actionable plans</li></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>Required Experience:</strong></p><br /><ul><ul><li>Experience writing production-level software in a high level language such as: Python, NodeJS, Ruby, C/C++, Rust, Golang, etc</li><li>Experience building software designed to improve the developer experience</li><li>Detailed knowledge of containerization technologies such as: Docker, Kubernetes, Swarm, DC/OS</li><li>Experience leveraging, working with and architecting around continuous delivery tools such as: Jenkins, CircleCI, and TravisCI</li></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><p><strong>Preferred Experience:</strong></p><br /><ul><ul><li>You have built a continuous delivery pipeline that requires custom development</li><li>You have worked with open source projects and comfortable committing code back to an upstream provider</li><li>AWS Experience</li><li>Hands on Kubernetes and Docker experience</li><li>Experience implementing security tests into a delivery pipeline</li><li>Healthcare Experience/Interest</li></ul><br /></ul><br /><br /><br /><br />We want to see what you&rsquo;ve worked on before! Please share your Github profile and show us the stuff you&rsquo;re proud of!<br /><br />It is not expected that any single candidate would have expertise across all of the areas outlined above. Please apply even if you are not sure you meet all these criteria. If you are interested in the role and think it could be a fit, we'd like to hear from you.

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71465">https://remoteok.io/l/71465</A>
