---
path: "/post-71434/"
category: "Remote Jobs"
tags: ["engineer"]
title: "Open Source Engineer Falco"
date: "2019-02-28T16:11:37-08:00"
summary: "Sysdig"
images: ["https://remoteok.io/assets/logo-square.png"]
---

<p>We are looking for an Open Source Engineer to work on our container anomaly detection tool, Falco, and related open-source projects. This is a highly impactful role as you will be architecting, designing and developing Falco and be one of our advocates in the open source community.</p><br /><p>Sysdig is the cloud-native intelligence company, and we&rsquo;re at the forefront of the container and microservices adoption in the enterprise. We make reliable, secure containers a reality for enterprises everywhere.</p><br /><p>We&rsquo;re passionate about solving the most complex operational challenges that companies face when they transition to Kubernetes, Docker, and cloud-native architectures at a massive scale. We&rsquo;ve raised over $100M and are putting that to work in the world&rsquo;s largest banks, governments, tech companies and&hellip; well, just about everywhere. Have we gotten your attention yet?</p><br /><p>Sysdig was born as Open Source software, so your work here will cross the divide between developer-led OSS and battle-tested commercial software at scale. We&rsquo;re proud that our open source tools (https://www.sysdig.com/opensource) are widely used and loved by technologists and developers. Falco, our open source container security project is now a part of the Cloud Native Computing Foundation and rapidly gaining community adoption.</p><br /><p>We are looking for a strong Engineer to work exclusively on Falco. This person should have extensive experience in system-level software development and should be passionate about Open Source projects. Falco is a key component of Sysdig&rsquo;s stack. It taps into &nbsp;the system call interface and can detect things like anomalous user activity, unwanted file access, and rogue network connections. Falco was recently accepted as a sandbox project by the Cloud Native Computing Foundation, which is home to projects like Kubernetes and Prometheus.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>What You&rsquo;ll Be Doing</strong></p><br /><p>You will be our dedicated Falco Engineer, who will help us in building the foundation for the product and be the enabler in the open source community.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>What Your Core Priorities Will Be</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Build open source tooling in C/C++ and Lua.</li><li>Work with and for the Cloud Native community - primarily via software development but also some public speaking and writing.</li><li>Listen to users in order to prioritize features and improvements.</li><li>Maintain a healthy community by responding to Github issues, reviewing pull requests, engaging with users in Sysdig&rsquo;s OSS Slack team.</li><li>Collaborate with the Sysdig engineering team to properly integrate Falco with the rest of Sysdig&rsquo;s product portfolio.</li><li>Inside Sysdig, act as the internal champion of the users and contributors community</li><li>Interact with the Sysdig marketing team to help evangelize the project</li></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>What You Should Bring</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Extensive experience with C, C++, Lua, and Golang. We prefer candidates with C++ and Lua experience, but showing deep polyglot capabilities will be considered as well.</li><li>Prior open source contributions, preferably to related projects in the &ldquo;cloud native&rdquo; monitoring and observability space</li><li>Strong understanding and passion for system level programming and the Linux operating system</li><li>Love for computer security, hacking into systems and understanding how stuff works</li><li>A strong belief that clear written communication is an essential part of open source collaboration, and has a record of high-quality interactions on PRs/issues/designs</li><li>Experience operating a production service, and associated experience using security tools</li><li>Ability to work effectively in a remote-first setup</li><li>Passion for modern software delivery from CI/CD to telemetry to cloud-native</li><li>Willingness to travel up to 25% of the time</li></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Why Join Sysdig</strong></p><br /><p>Cloud-native is fundamentally changing how organizations build and run applications to fully take advantage of the cloud computing model. Sysdig is the cloud-native intelligence company making it happen. Join us and you&rsquo;ll be working at the cutting-edge of infrastructure technology and the birth of an entirely new industry. &nbsp;Be the one that solves the hard challenges of operating Kubernetes and Containers at scale - and have fun doing it with a great group of people.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>When you join Sysdig, you can expect:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>Competitive salary</li><li>Topnotch health insurance coverage</li><li>We offer the best of both worlds: we&rsquo;re a well-funded startup ($121.5 million) with a 300+ enterprise customer base (300 and counting)</li></ul><br /><br /><p><strong>Additionally, we offer a variety of benefits and perks, such as:</strong></p><br /><ul><li>401k with company matching up to 3%</li><li>Flexible vacation policy</li><li>Monthly self-improvement grant &ndash; spend on yourself however you see fit!</li><li>Weekly team lunches and snacks every day of the week</li><li>Monthly house cleaning allowance</li><li>Fun team with company events and lots of espresso</li></ul><br /><p>Sysdig is the maker of market leading monitoring, visibility, and security tools for modern Cloud Native platforms, like Docker and Kubernetes. We are looking for engineers that will work on Falco, our anomaly detection tool, and related open-source projects.</p><br /><br /><p><strong>Why work at Sysdig?</strong></p><br /><ul><li>We&rsquo;re a well funded startup that already has a large enterprise customer base.</li><li>We have a pragmatic, approachable culture, from the CEO down.</li><li>We have an organizational focus on delivering value to customers.</li><li>Our open source tools (<a href="https://www.sysdig.org/" rel="nofollow">https://www.sysdig.org</a>) are widely used and loved by technologists &amp; developers.</li><li>We have fun team with company events, beer outings, and lots of espresso (if you&rsquo;re into that).</li></ul>

<br/>
<br/>
Apply here: <A HREF="https://remoteok.io/l/71434">https://remoteok.io/l/71434</A>
